Am I the only Mahomie who notices that AustinMahone Has almost 300,000 Mahomies?!?!? <333
I'm only yours !
No new modern family tonight
Aaliyahs Christmas is almost done ;)
I hate when I drive at night and people coming towards me or behind me have their brights on.
I think I miss my boyfriend.. :(
Kelly's scan today!!!! excited <3
Two big parcels from Francais just arrived courtesy the nicest mailman in the world.
StephEODonnell which is exactly why I never go to the shark
adam levinne is my
I love you my God! I'm so proud of you, of what you've done for us:) You are truly amazing!!!
I dont get this cold one day im good the next i feel like shit then better again
It doesn't really make sense that the Big EAST now has 4 teams from way WEST.
t-minus 10 minutes until interview timeeeee.
my back has to get better..i hav a busy fun weekend!!! and cant wait for next weekend Dinner with the fam + extra guest :)
Gobble gobble bitches!
TheMik_chaelas Im always excited especially when it comes to my Adele.
NathanTheWanted Please could you wish me good luck with my prelims? :D It would honestly mean so much! nervous xx
Ugh. I have too continue my great turkey weekend with my dads gf and her 3 weird kids.
vickylheywood did you find your key
Enjoying the look on my brother's face after eating a wasabi nut with nutella on it
XxSOo_DOPE_YOxX I heard a commercial on the radio last night that was talkin bout yu... Proud!!
Had a good night :') teeeelouise
Shoutout to everybody tell me HappyBDay thank y'all
WorstChristmasGiftEver your missus' sitting on someone elses lap and asking for a present.
A little attitude problem all good it'll make ishh last.. :)
Hey RedRoofInn: I want to charge my phone, overnight, NEXT TO ME; not across the room. Outlets NEXT to the bed would be lovely.
justinbieber i see all these beliebers getting noticed, but I haven't gotten noticed :/! DEPRESSING 5
leenadalmartin how is the tennis going?
Wateva mks u happy, am down...
Wow...2 years ago today my life changed forever...I am proud of how far I've come and looking forward to a bright & happy future
watching Home Alone.. love the family Christmas classic!
MY LIFE IS LIKE A ROLLERCOASTER, COMING OFF THE TRACKS SPINNING ROUND AND ROUND tinchystryder LOVE !!!
I think I'm bout to buy a gas mask bong
Gotta go see mom...and Grammy.
My whole car just gave some homeless guy money.
Is RobKardashian still with that Adrianne girl from CHEETAH GIRLS? Cus I'm watching the episode where he shows her name tattooed.
AllTimeAlexFans TeamJoMerr lovin all the love!
Dear God, thanks for my beautiful life and forgive me if I don't thank you enough
Can already tell these people are going to drive me crazy!? Ugh. annoyed keh0415
Forgot the world revolved around you
field trip= no school
x2! “Julia7089: People who don't understand the stand on the right, walk on the left rule on elevators annoying”
I'm currently defending all of 3 coats from the dangerous coat thieves at the village green.
&i was praying that you&me might end up together..
Im by myself on a Saturday night......
my phone dies like five times a day
I think that beliebers ask too much for justinbieber . He isn't Superman...
Watching justinbieber Christmas special! <3 <3 <3
Today's not going as planned :(
Loves being in first gear on the motorway!!! Drive properly you commuting arseholes
illieface sounds like something amazing!
onsmith92 sarah_marinara miss both of you. caaant wait to see you guys
I wonder what the kardashians are doing right now KimKardashian KhloeKardashian kourt k
School. The only place where drinking milk and eating pizza together is acceptable.
At this current time wouldn't have my life no other way
Oomfs thought I was talking about him on my tweets haha -__-
My uncle is THE slowest driver
so i am very excited to be spending tuesday with my BFF LivCollins12 for her birthday goin to see Footloose
The snow is melting
If you live with an open heart and an open mind you will find the happiness you are looking for.
3 hour nap on a Sunday afternoon listening to Jarvis Cocker
msedory94 yeah very. As if you were trying to prove a point to make him jealous.. Ya know? Let's just stay forever single together!
Thinkin bout my actions ! & How ima fix them !:)
She's not here again
Ugh You Like The Virus That Took Over My Lap Top
Going to Las Vegas in the morning. :) Won't be back until Monday night!
Z_Witt is writing me a note tomorrrrrrow <3
TheRealHalstead GUESS WHAT? i'm back onnn twitter. :) time to be happy.
Thank you tombrady for another fantasy football victory
FlapJackk_ thank yu bkuz I kud really use it
who even are you anymore?
Wow why can't my mom be more like my dad!
and block b is really popular in ireland ^____^ yayyyy
Hey mom. Sometimes you dont have to talk bad about me.
Well looks like I'm not going to the game
Can't sleep :-( annoyed! x
Bullies in bulletproof :D
Good luck girly! manda_kelly6: Going to tumbling and working on whip through to double. love”
i wish i had somebody to cuddle with right now
I search for You God of strength, I bow to You in my brokeness. I pray to You God of peace, I rest in You.
BryWillz good ish so tired from vacation last week!! I wish you still lived here :(
Just got 75 out of 50 on my french presentation
Hoy le gané a la alarmaa..!! proud :3
Dat nigga JD went 4rm rappin wit Jay Z & doin errbody remixes 2 DJ'n da club...
Shit. Fuck you to those random people adding me on fb. I don't even know you. So fuck off. annoyed.
I will do a presentation:'(
VKI dinner with mom!
leicestermark alfieboe me too! Front row in Bournemouth!
Seriously if I get these dates approved i'll be spending the night in atl b4 I hit augusta for homecoming..
Eww we have school tommorw
About to watch the LST Choir perform Christmas songs at the LST Lobby :)
Son just gave us his Christmas wishlist. As an html file. With nested lists, divs, and a table. Color coded.
Loved hearing the bewdley school people going to school, and just rolling over
Uhm so Melanie ain't all that w/o make-up.
Step one of 'The Project' complet:) glad:-) very glad:-):-)
seriouslybl ooooo there were podcast?? :O I need to hear it asap lol, do you still have the link hun??
Were havin a fake ass winter this year 1)fake tree2)no snow3)no st.nick I bet we'll be eating tofu on Christmas or some fake ass food
Brianna_Demuth I KNOW RIGHT!!! I realized that like 2 months ago!
what is the point in taking exams? its too damn early! annoyed.
I've never been so confused in my whole life.
About ta order these chicken tenders from adelphias (:
11/11/11 made this day better than how it would of turned out!
millertime3434 happy to have u following me
OMG. my sisters sooo annoying :O
lilhimy04 that's weird cause I came home to some nice homemade beef stroganoff :)
We all live in the same town like holy shit stop putting eachother down people fucked up but now we need to just look past it all.
brookland They haven't rolled out the redesign for me yet :-/
Not to happy at all tonight
Math Finals today and I could be done for the semester...I need prayers, a lot of em
I seriously never get mail.
maddisonphoto I'm not mad, just
Bored at the moment! Tonight the weekend begins!
I love when Ali_Miller blames her awkward private experience that's now public on me...
A strong family, the best girl in the world, and the greatest freinds. I love you all
working on a track.. it's gonna be beautiful
just got a lot of motivation from looking at those pics...
We are thinking Costa Rica or Puerto Rico! Hmmmm which one?!!
Jack Frost is onn !
brian_littrell we would like to get a chirp from u natalie_peer luvbsb1264 maru85argent one chirp for us please. love you :)
why does youtube have adverts before just about everything..
Going for a walk in the cold cause' I just can't stand my mum anymore!RAGE.
hockey tryouts tomorrow.. cant focus on anything else.
Smartest thing I ever did was make you all miiiiiine :)
Let my sister cut my own bangs... Idk how I feel about this...
Has anyone noticed the weird change in Facebook where everyone in your news feed is in a relationship?
Keep talking behind my back, that's probably the safest place for you.
Really need to be going to sleep but cant get over the fact that it's only 41 DAYS UNTIL CHRISTMAS.
blessed to see another day..God has done it again
A netballers fitness is tragic.
NiallOfficial bought UpAllNight today!!!!!! OMG its your first album!
No more homeworks no more midterms no more presentations no more dwam
Eppp getting graded today !
Spent the first half  of the game yelling at the tv pleaes don't make me do it again ksu...step it up
Nervous for new trimester :/
Skipping school to hang out with bbrookebrady1
I got a full 10 hours of sleep for the first time in months & I'm still tired.
Sad day in American college sports. PSU rapes...
Lakers RickyRo24  wow, from East LA to CSUF to Blue Jays to Laker Reporter
Gonna have some fun tomorrow night!
thelockedwonder ppl vote for politician as if they are entertainers not on competence
I should have answered his call at 4am last time I got a call like that it wasn't good if anything happens I'm to blame=/
People take things for granted,but if it wasn't for god we wouldn't have anything
Just clutched my mouse so hard that the ball fell out.
Smashing This Red Lobster.  Smdh These Biscuits>>>
Listening to dcfc and making banana croquets with Morgan and Jax, sweet Thanksgiving
Happy St. Andrew's Day to all my Scots
DJDannyBuk then when u get a random tweet u can track back & see what they were referring to. Get the paid app w/o ads tho.
OF & Waka Before Bed <3
Just because I'm a bit younger than everyone else doesn't mean I'm not mature enough.
I expected more from you.. disappointed.
And that is that. United are out of the Champions League. My prediction was right.
emilykatecoyne How could you forget!
4 More sleeps till Onedirection
Shout out fuckyourdimples go follow her she A-1
Guyss Christmas is in likk a week excited !!!!!!
7 days to go until my birthday!
I better get a B on this exam i studied my ass off!
So I have to pay $80 for a parking tickets..n he's Going to pay for them..
DIRTY479 thanks man. Hope your Thanksgiving is good and blessed.
It's slowly coming together
Omg. Get away from me
Talkin to the coach today..
Finished first draft of the short script I'm working on.  Just sent it to the poet I'm working with for notes.
my mom is cooking some truely amazing things right now ! :)
I've grown up so much these past couple of months.
LMAO when my mom bear hugs the ref at the cutter classic..
Here..With my friend laurasmiiile singing Morethanthis  love zaynmalik Harry_Styles NiallOfficial real_liam_payne Louis_Tomlinson
Couldn't ask for much more! thankful:)
is it necessary to wait until i am watching tv to vacuum right in front of it?
Now this is more like it :)
Good Morning. His mercy. thankful.
Just realized I left my tech shirt at school, hopefully it's in second since I have to go to it tomorrow
No le gustan mis chistes... :(
bethstockton its not like i want to be in here isit. pfft, you'll have a good night without me anyway
Por las Primadonnas que lloramos al ver el PV de Distance .. <3
If anybody can get me mad its my parents, its like they know exactly what button to push!!
Was supposed to have my first Saturday off work in 3 months yesterday, and ended up being called in.
Gonna hide out in the bathroom for a few minutes.
How did I end up living the kind of life that results in Ross Kemp being the only semi-watchable thing on telly when I get home?
Lawdddd ! This is what technology does too mee ! )=
iBreannaLynette thought I was watching this all by myself!!! He is tho!
Sooo... Sean said that for my Birthday he's gonna take me shopping while we're down in Dallas =D Excited!!
Later today it's TheFirstLadyLDN Fayre then onemic_uk -
me and MelBar11 and Sheldon and Glitter had a very successful snuggling session (say that with a lisp) tonight. glee newgirl happy <3 :)
Got this lil trip set up next week for me and my cousin
Finally stopped the habit of stalking off people's profile.
Pinapple coconut rum mixed sangria...
Lost 3.8lbs - got 25lbs to go!
hannahkatreana you retweet gio way to much.
Watching ESPN and it hit me, what the hell is going on in the sports world with all these sick minded coaches !?!?!
white soy mocha.
kendofizzal don't call me out like that...
Some people still cant figure out how to
I just tripped up the stairs... Hahahahah
_marionnette Non, c'est pas drôle. JONGHYUN DOIT DOMINER. Mais j'ai trouvé un moyen pour te faire te calmer..........
aclinton26 haha let's hope so!!
Twitter Board members are staring at my timeline
Cruise on sunday!
I stand corrected! 10TV you waited until 11:11...
Can't believe I heard from oomf today!
OnlyPaula1 hey. . i got reply from andrea. .
Some people were dropped when they were babies.You were clearly thrown against a wall, stepped on, and shot in the face with an M16
My mom can change my whole mood in a matter of two seconds.
Ever since Kolkata in 01 when Laxman and Dravid batted for a day then it was Flintoff it feels like we always wake up to this.
i asked my roommate to make me noodles..she only made herself noodles love YOUAdore_Cee
MyKittyShine lmfao! Guess who I see?! Remember the last time we came to Dream in MIA the dude I was dancing w/?! embarrassed lmfao
Is it okay that I can say I don't know how to make gunshots in FCP?
JessicaLomasson I need a folder my clothes are already way too wrinkly! Look at you tweeting away!
Haley wont get off her phone.
A year today i moved in with the boyfriend :) how a year has flown by
I don't care what my calendar says it is not Christmas in 8 days, I don't feel festive at all
School is almost over!!
drdreezy42 your hashtag made my life
Starbucks with amazing people
NickJGilroy someone didn't leave there teen angst at home this morning...
adibahkhir I was happy lol
Happy over-eat and feel bad about yourself after day; i mean thanksgiving! =D Be thankful for everything you have! =]
Jus got home from Lil bruda game
This is taking foreverrrrrr!!!!
If only my hair was fully curled
I think this could be the longest 5 hours of my life....Thinking of you mate......
Fire alarms are a joke
First time in 4 years that I didn't go wait on line for Black Friday
10 days until my birthday! eeek
Waiting at the doctors. They take forever!! And  now I'm late for work:/
Cannot wait till my room is actually done!!!!
Dear security guard, Y must u yell in punjabi about all ur lady problems! I realize its almost 5am. But gawd, keep It down!!
Loving life right now. Can't complain about anything.
Wow, Twitter is actually pretty cool.
Everybody's reaction when I just came upstairs >>>>>>>
anniewilliams3 because everyone else either stayed back or is in unit
At work and im tired and ready to go and i been here 20 mins
Here it goessss
JustATweetHeart x_NinaRose y yu have to ruin my moment tho.??
Just received a letter outlining when I will start paying my student loan back
This is my final attempt to update this Apple software...
Well now I'm confused.
I love my roommates
Happy Thanksgiving!  Count your blessings.
If you wit be with me and just me not texting in my face
Kirstenmac04 sunnykhor09 wow thanks no need to include the paraplegic or anything ....
So many old ppl tellin me thank you for serving their country
Facebook wont let me upload photos daaaaaaammmnn it.
In talks with plans for the old 30th shindig with Paramount Pictures
«MorganLoko Half of the people we used to chill with every weekend we don't even see anymore sad»
Just left the phone store got my new phone
pshcassiecute omg this guy came through my line that smelled so bad i made peter bag for me so he would leave quicker.
ok path is actually pretty cool..
Can't keep my eyes open sleepy i hate  waking up late and going into school late
This no coffee thing is going to get ugly for someone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just in time to buy my early morning Akara...
Remember that phone call till 2 am? I do..
i got my 180th follower again lol
i really wanna bake something christmasy but its tooo early! chrimbo needs to hurry up!
Smh blew 450 in a couple hours. Hurt.
First day of school and I'm knackered and need to wash my hair notcool. nervous.
i hate it when i have nothing to wear
Lack of planning on your part does not constitute an emergency on mine
Listening to the kids sing christmas carols, job hunting and just had coffee with Peter. happiness :)
I wanna go home now
ChelseeaLoveee why is you no talking? Teltie!
Dinner with boba<3 so happy with him. After two years it still feels like brand new love ^_^
It's funny how, as they've aged, the best looking Rolling Stone is now Charlie Watts
I think SkysNuts and RedFoo are gone, now i can go to the bathroom :)
Happy Monday! GM. BruceSallan reneemmartinez mimibakerMN lttlewys prosperitygal
justinbieber Someday at Christmas! ahhhhh! love <3!
relationships - How you communicate is often just as important as WHAT you communicate.
I know that from today on I will ALWAYS stand up for others being bullied. Forever
Parents are coming at noon
I Love a Female with Confidence.
So Yu cnt sign One sheet of paper!!!!
Riding backwards on a train to the big NYC.
Connolly_Music the_david_wong dethviolin thanks for the tip.  We are onto them. All about true, honest networking!
I love odu standing ovation on the way out from a basketball game, that's
My phone freezes but still gets texts and won't let me check them
Everyone's getting promise rings...4 1/2 years and I don't have one...
Went to Mass for the first time in a while,,,the skies were clear and the sun was shining
I love leaving my phone at school. stupid omg the song just came on with the best memories with keel.
bigjstl u2acro That's the word on the street.  Will you?  OMG, get to meet you FINALLY?
Goin to bed early...
Shopping for all of thanksgiving when Wegmans is a zoo and I have a long list brings me
My alarm just never works on a saturday, Annoying !
And all I need is one fuckin sheet stamped!
I wish they would already start the movie!
3 day weekend! :D a sleep in will be nice
Really blessed to have such special friends in my life! Thankful!
This is the worst part of drama...
I hope threw all this rain im putting my self through the sun is shinning brighter then ever
I wanna take a nap not go to fucking work
As long as we are both still breathing. Its not to late.
This banana berry milkshake on point!
I waited all season for this game. Not what I had hoped for...
Most people support someone the don't know vs someone they do know.....
Your voice kills me
“Mo_Saqib: Listening to Michael Buble's 'Lost'. This song is a tuuuuuuuune!”
I feel like my bedroom makes me hate life. And I don't know why
ItsIsra_ awwww! I miss you too sis! Very much. I can't wait to see you again. We need to spend some tWintime!!!!!
Blah , i cant explain to myself exactly why i feel like this ??? so ima stay to myself for the rest of the week
If we both want the same thing, you gotta meet me half way...
tonebekillinem lol well I hope your ok baby girl md other than the car no trouble!? If my mind is going in the right direction (;
Just had a four hour road lesson.
Why waste your time, gettin hurt by someone... When there's someone else out there waiting to make you happy :)
Tomorrow must just come already excited!
That moment when everything clicks
Awww My Puppy La La Just Crawled Up By Me & Fell Asleep!
beast ass weekend ;) can't wait till next!
Gutted. Just leapt out of bed coz heard the post lady knock.meaning something didnt fit. (my skate stuff)  turns out it wasnt.
Reneebrinksx rosannees xilsexxxx love you toooo all of the three hahaha
I don't understand u at all!!
Bitch, don't blame this on me.
AustinMahone did a cover for jenna by my favorite song count on me. I Told him like 100times, he still doesnt know I exist! </3
So apparently there was a bedbug on this kids neck in the lunchroom. I'm so
Wish the internet would stop being a poo brain!
Congress has declared pizza to be a vegetable. It's no wonder they also think the Department of Education is over-funded.
emdress sooo sad i wont have a plane partner on my way back tomorrow:(
This will be the first year my baby is in the christmas parade.
Pretty little liars and switched at birth in January.
J'aime les jours fériés
stevemagness is trying to kill me. 2x15 seconds uphill sprint tonight.
Another Amazing meal via Tuck Shop saint Henri !
painting, listening to music, and both puppies are curled up on my floor :)
So I wake up n I hear long gun shot n it my dad beating my brother at black ops
I'm speechless I can't even think properly
Terry and Julie's wedding!
I'm about to die.
If you like your Netflix movie to retrieve every 30 seconds, go ahead and update netflix on Wii.
Tonights one of those night where I wanna lay with you talk and fall asleep in your arms.
Picture time w/ the brother and about to be sister in law. Once again I ask, why are the trusting me with the picture taking task?
It pisses me off when someone has told me they are going to take me to do something, and then changes there mind once again . irritated.
Reunited and it feels sooooo good!! manders1624 bgussss
kipwise You're welcome. xoxo
Anyway... I'm a Ginger again and I think I'll end up with a but of auburn hair. I guess we'll see.
Just got so overwhelmed and discouraged. Trying not to cry/breakdown/pull my hair out.
I'll be home Next Thursday....
Bout to spend my last night in the library for a minute
gets to finally see a silly boy soon!
back to Italy in 10 days after 1 year and keep wondering how my country looks like.
Wow so no pass interference on molden?..
Gm Ya'll! Children laugh about 400 times a day, while adults laugh on average only 15 times a day. So let's have a happy Friday!
7 more hours off for 5 days
Jawn jus damn near kicked the door down n flipped cuz she wasn't gettin in he class to take this final
I remember when we used to call eachother bestfriends.. Now.. It's all a blur.. & nothing fits in that category now..
my hair isnt the exact shade of brown that i want.
BongsandTaylors awwww my bay cumn ova 2
my dad wont stop sending me dumbass forwards!!
IMMA TREAT HER LIKE MY GIRL SINCE SHE FORGIVE ME FOR MY WRONGS
Watching beauty and the beast
remembering Saturday night screaming the lyrics to mr brightside to my sisters friends and looking like a man
That show Friendzone is definitely based on true stories
my horoscope says im going on an exciting trip, it will be just the break i need and i should enjoy every minute of it. excited.
Banning myself from doing anymore christmas shopping
Love coming home to see the Christmas presents under the tree
Seriously though, Xmas music everywhere i go ?
Diario de una pasion en el 34 (I-SAT)
Goin to drive the little bug around town!
nxa! i hate to c pregnant teenagerz
Really thinking about going swimming with the dolphins this weekend
OTD lol “KissWithEmotion: i just recieved 18 texts in less than 1 minute . annoying”
wake up, wake up, I don't wanna wake up, wake up...
LochMessMonster Love that your first tweet was at me and included Swag.
Can everybody on both sides agree to not be assholes to anybody, no matter what happens?
“zaccatee: Hbyleycole too much tweeting from You! annoying”
Blessed to see another day
I want to go to bed, but I can't. I'm still hopelessly drowning in my own mess.
Shit just doesn't make sense sometimes
KieraDominguez oh you know it especially when your mom bursts out laughing and the whole restaurant looks at you
Pet Peeve when people don't reply to your texts!
looking forward to a day off Wednesday,
I like actually having conversations with people.. Not jus 2 word sentences that I don't even know how to respond to..
Apparently zach sooley's going to fuck me on monday...?
Laying on my sisters shoulder
I just put waaayy too much sugar in my coffee. Is this what diabetes tastes like??
When the kid you ride to shook with has terrible breath < mouth wash, use it, bro.
If Alex Leave After The Break I'm Turning My Tv Off Straight
Duudee , grow up . Stop acting like a little girl .
seriously cowboys? SERIOUSLY?! we are becoming the texas a&m of the NFL.
zwick_e i thought you were gonna start tweeting more...
Can't wait until Christmas :)
Scored 34 points, won the game and finally got our jerseys!!!! :)
JustFabOnline > 2 pencils 4m a classmate, while in the 5th grade. We played the Secret Santa/Kris Kringle game. :-(
when people are so desperate to get 7 trillion likes on their picture that they flaunt their boobs all over the place.
Just got caught in the middle of a couple of black guys bro hug/snap thing. Again,
people that tweet dumb shit
ordering a usf jacket!! excited.
seriously my family needs to chill the f out..there's gunna be traffic regardless so  gunna be late regardless
haygoodfan1990 i get to see my cousin thats in the navy tomorrow! i havnt seen him in...i dont even remeber how long!
raybakes93 your funny. i smell i hint of jealousy?
I'm blessed.
My sister is so dumb
Got me some crreraaccckkkllee
The juniors and seniors both are pretty ridiculous if they're fighting about whose better. I know I'm just a sophomore but damnnn.
meteor rain at 9pm...
Ok...  Why are men so clueless sometimes?  I seriously would like to know. Frustration!!!
Had a dream last night that I was jogging down 1st street in SHA.
Yes I'm 20, and still get child support, so I expect the right amount in my bank account when I wake up on Friday..
Hate when boyfriend leaves
A Birthday is anotha day just Happy to be here
The trains always delayed when your on your own!
Thanks 4 the light! Thanks 4 the life! Thanks 4 the love!
In bed w DONNNN's ipod making me miss him uhh x
I swear if I could walk around hitting people with hams and have no consequences, oh boy would I be busy.
Even though everything.... I'm Happy  :)
Awwwww they wanna take pics of me :)
I don't understand how people can abuse animals the way they do. Its absolutley
I wonder why I get fat I'm making cookies
It's so weird how things work out sometimes...
Can you say tan lines?:D
I regret not doing shit in English class; I'm stuck on this stupid resume!
to all of you not studying for lawschoolfinals, I just want to shout a big F U. rsever1 knows what i'm talking about
Hate going shoppin wi my mum and aunty they actually take so long
BlackFridayShopping with my second family , for the first time ever .. Excited !
Seriously, they need to stop making these dumb ass chipmunk movies.
Tonight was the best night I've had in a long time.
RedSwagND haha really? see there's an upside and downside. they can be gross, but they look sooooo good.
when you had no friends me & xxpauline21xx were with you so dont start it
angusbubble yes! Especially the times when you're tucked up in bed on a cold winter morning!
No school tomorrow im
off to my drive test. gettin the license thursday.
AmoebaSF We love Amoeba!!
rioferdy5 group stage not a formality. Should I really pay to see you play in the Europa......I can't even say it
The neighbors that live behind me wake me up from drama yelling
justinbieber Follow me please? Iloveusomuch   2Days All I Want For Christmas Is You Excited :) 91
'yes it is worth it' goodnightworld exciting :)
My father is the most indecisive person I have ever met
You always have to make things worse. And you never believe a word I say.
I hate people especially in big crowds that's why I will never go to newyork!
finishing up my christmas shopping tomorrow!!
Sometimes I just Sit Back and Think How My Life Would Be if it wasn't Fa My Mama!!
Wishes things were different and my sons dad wasn't so selfish. Really needs the Lord in my life.
Sometimes I wanna just go n move with my dad...but I can't leave behind my school n friends especially my babesz....
Wondering mosquitoes still out...ugh
Shit shoud of talked to the spacial  girl tonight... :(
Every 18 hours someone dies in new york city.
fightnight starts now! teamkhan excited!
Let's get this week popping
I feel like random people know more about what I'm doing in my life then I do.
somf so nasty for some of dhese pics i be seeing on mah TL
When my Dad and sister argue over math homework for an hour and a half. In the kitchen.
Still recovering from my hospital visit. Check up tomorrow.
When your only friend leaves school and doesnt tell you <<<
himali_ranade MaddyMason3 why was i not invited to this smashing of himali's tables
Did Milbury threaten to beat a kid with his shoe or?
Good Morning World.!
My ma told me to get off twitter and go wash my funky ahhh
CherylBle I'd say the 11 point super-low... sad homeloanninja TimBledsoe
very grown up conversation tonight. PROUD!
I'm fine until I see you & hear your laugh & see you smile.. Then I fall to pieces.. :/
I hate when people break up with people then act like they happy on a social network stfu you know you not!
This shit on my mind needs to dissapear I need to sleep and i wanna punch him in the balls. frustrated.
thatawkwardmoment when i sprint to my car to get out of campus secruity giving me a parking ticket
My sister left me home alone all night.
Corrie_Addie I can't get u the thing I wanted to and I can't find a replacement thing
Day one- not talking to you sucks.
Can't wait for christmas
Totally had a dream that I had a real job then I woke up! -___-
Coloring and listening to Disney music ..
AleBedoya17 are you sure your rangers quality?
Hates when people complain soo much. annoying.
Got an 80 in ap European history!!! Whaddup!!!
Happy Thanksgiving y'all. Hope you get to share it with special people. I'm so blessed for the people that are in my life!
If you follow me , I respect you !! It takes alot to actually follow someone .
I cant wait! Friday is the day i go to the hair dresser!!!
history teacher falling on her ass today, while flattening the chair
So.... warming up for the xfactor party by watching stricly and my housemate make me dinner
Peach Ciroc!!!!! Off my cooking flow
Living The Good Life!
I just need to go to sleep im so fuckin
Absolutely hate when I can't find my sock after laundry... Seriously?? It's all my stuff?
justinbieber ur vid for all i want for xmas is you is so great:) i like that ur songs hav a story in th video
When you get a text sayin someone you care a ton about just got kicked out the house & your parents wont let you go rescue them
my house is the definition of a clusterfuck this evening.
God has given me so many reasons to smile
Southern_Trains oh look no seats at all Tis the season to be spoiling us huh?
Just saw a Sedin header. My sporting world's have come together.
I might have to confront two things tomorrow.  
WHY IS IT SO EXPENSIVE TO GO TO SYDNEY?!?
My favorite day of the week is Sunday....
my cousin and i will have a blast driving to nashville for tsu's hc 2moro. she behave's ridiculously. absurdity will be king!
Seriously, why isn't Mr. Big real?
mom, your already in the car just drive me to school instead of the next bus stop
sitting at a bar by myself
bubbles1057 no problem! now you just have to get your hashtagging started and you will be a pro
Really pandora? Playing summer songs?
J_Anderson11 buddywebb9 jack solely because of you an Oregon duck pillow pet is number one on my list for christmas
My mom just found out I have a twitter..?
It's amazing how quiet it gets after BethLowry4 leaves..
DonnieWahlberg hope you are well sweetie, miss you and your tweets, anyway you need to sleep and rest, hope you have a great Sunday!
1 week until christmas break, 2 weeks until christmas and 26 days until my birthday. excited.
AnanditaaP beautiful city ey? :D
Ain't seen him since he been gone thoe
Hates fighting with someone you care about
The musings within the playground of the mind are always the prerequisite to action.
guh why does netflix always stop working when I wanna watch Glee
Damn she raped him,how could she! How could she rape him? When I'm here!! She should have raped me instead na
billbarnwell Write a Vegas article already. Your Vegas reporting has been sub-par thus far.
When all I do seems to be all for you,and the souls I yet to me of u.
MoykeGoodwin StephLucia an awesome mess? And when the hell are you visiting us again?
Now I know why I unfollowed you in the first place... here it goes again.
The mrs has got christmas songs on
Lunch was terrible today...sweet nd sour chicken over brown rice.
Christmas festivities begin now! Youth Christmas party/going to give less fortunate kids gifts!
Hoping for an amazing day today :)
House smells soo gOod, family is here and football is on :)
Idę się przebrać . I go to party <3 :D
62 Tweets in 1 hour?
Ihm Layin On The Bedd && Idk If There's A Bug On The Wall Or If Ihm Trippin . . I Don't Have My Glasses On Soo I Can't Really See
grrr...up too early because TweetingNaoto insists on setting his alarm so early & hitting snooze for an hour.
People, why are there no Christmas lights out this year?! A whore buncha Scrooges, I tell ya. disappointed.
About to grub on some good food :)
Just found out that J_Ennis will be at my work this week.
My blanket smells like sweaty balls
maddyv123 maknewton JordanLeeWalker I'm so so so SURPRISED INEEDTOSEE!!!!!
Now I am about to watch Rise of the Plants of the Apes. ... some say it amaaazing.
Vision is the art of seeing what is invisible to others.~Jonathan Swift
Thanking God for getting me past the hardest thing I've ever had to go through . I feel so much better and utterly
I love monday morning cause I tell people bout my weekend and realized all the stupid shit I did
Remember this time last year,when I still had you...
Oh and what a nice way to end my sunday evening, AlanCarr chattyman never fail to make me laugh.
Eww!! His breath stinks! Go brush yur teeth and then come talk to me.
Find the beauty that's already there.
Going to hang out with my sister before work.
Singing to Band Aid at my desk and I know all the words
Apparently natty_page think Connecticut starts with a K
Chilling with the fam
nalleyykill that's the only way i can get you to my house in less than 30 minutes.. haha
Ain't had a homecooked meal in a while
I find myself hoping that every notification is another one of your tweets
Now my nerves all rattled ....
In actually going to have a good weekend.
I love going to bed with a smile on my face! happy :)
My hair is going red again...when I dyed it black I wanted it to be black :(
Yeah its cool just cut me off when im answering the question you asked just to answer it yourself..
«Pooda_InkCrazy GOOD MORNING :-)» GoodMorning sis
I need a normal sleeping pattern
eww not with me not knowing my dates! i get my phone tomorrow!!!
everybody status on facebook say somebody call me iim bored...
Cashier at the gas station just asked if we played tonight.. Oh how I wish my answer could've been yes.
Staycation Day 1: Football, food & family…
Your so insecure that it makes me cringe
going to bed with a smile on my face for the first time in a long timmeee :)
I have been asked to write a weekly piece on a boxing news 24.
thingsilove late night chats with you :) <3
May Angels lead you in, hear you me my friend---jimmyeatworld
KatarinaZu= e: You have distinguished yourself, thanks for caring!
mother ain't answering her phone and she finished work an hour ago
mac_denicola well your head was only touching your leg....
AlexSaintsH_ Collywigwam13 I don't even know what I've tweeted but yayy!:')
Time to throw myself down a ski slope
If a person ever asked me how me nd my girl came to b i would be
Going to Dallas with Lisa_A_Allen :)
i dont understand why slurmo  DCBService is out for delivery and mine isnt. same area and i ordered 2 months ago! gettin kinda
Joe11Samuels i guess ill jump off a cliff....
Bloody buggering dyson! No loss of suction my lily white bum!
I miss my baby Tierra Already & i JUST saw her !
Shoot yo. When will it be December 24th? Can we skip to it and just give me a 95% on my thesis so I pass and graduate already.
Cant wait for the weekend!
BedHugger ShockAndOww yes.. Please.. Don't
Waking up and seeing no one beside you and feeling no ones arms around you. depressing.
hmm hopefully today is NOT like yesterday!
It's so nice and peaceful when I'm home alone....then my parents get home.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! Rice, you got it down to the 6... Give the man the ball for the TD NOT WILLIAMS. UGGGH.
soartmodel NASCAR fans decided to boo FLOTUS. Apparently that's ok now.
amandapalmer dear Amanda, I'm italian and I think that we have to occupy the world and try to make it better! WE ARE THE CHANGE!
I hate commercials ughhhh!
Cant wait to go on Jeremy Kyle next year
I don't want to close my eyes, I don't want to fall asleep, cuz I miss you baby and I don't want to miss a thing.
Omg, one more half day of testing & winter break is ON! excited [:
Some girls should not wear a poof, they don't know when high is to high.
I hate how Verizon doesn't send or receive texts sometimes.
My stomach iss makinggg noises :O
CooterDGAF Im sorry Cooter. I wish every1 had a mom that cared as much as mine does. I mean...she sux at times but she saved my life!
when your ucas card doesnt get accepted as a discount card online
Hate when your done with the test and you gotta wait to go home wish you could leave when your done
Chargers verses raiders tonight.
Leaving the office & I'm officially on holiday!! Woo hoo!!!! Headed back east tonight! Merry Christmas & happy holidays everyone!
Ugggh! Why would you put shrimp on my food after I said I'm extremely allergic to it?!? Hating it here in Zong Alabang! annoyed!
600 goes to joyfuljess123 love you
Moms takin me everywhere to get this junt.
Ever gotten into a cab and the driver looks at u funnily and starts to hit on u.
WTF is this girl doing in my shower!? Bitch I share a bathroom with 3 other girls. Go to your fucking room you don't live here!
I had a great Sunday
Sorting recipes for printing
I wanna ve a.better person so I'm gonna do something about that fir the poor ill give food to for Christmas.
I'm coming home, I'm coming home, tell the world that I'm coming home...
HARRY M NEEDS TO CHEER UP.
I'm a romantic, I can't help it.
rainnat Ew no, they're all sweaty and gross. & when they want water, they spit with sweat
Spanish club potluck!!! :)
Move slow ass I'm trying to get to lunch!
stewalker123 kellyrowland sounds Ideal mate not taped it myself!
espn a 50 game suspension for braun isnt enough! Season him!! Prove a point its a one and done chance!! What have we learned
Zac you will be missed :(
Corey Smith at busters tonight... You only have to be 18
why does my hair always look nicest when there's no one around to appreciate it!!
woke up from one long ass night of lots of drinking and new-friend-making, only to see i lost a follower..dangittt
I thought, I´d never leave internet agency with it´s microsites, forms, projects finished in last 5 minutes ... Now I think I was wrong
oomf has been sleeping for quite a while.
Wish Jamie would pick up his phone or throw a text my way, at least. I get so paranoid that something's happened :c
I hate stupid bank people
But with the ones you DO want, you don't want to send the wrong impression..
The awkward momment when danielles  boyfriend comes to the house for the first time and im laying on the floor screaming ...
Sexism's comical. I've long been a feminist for various reasons, mainly 'cause I'd not exist if not for the efforts of a woman.
I do NOT like little kids.
ughh I absoluley fucking hate when you make plans with someone and they back out last min..like really? get out my facee Pissed & Annoyed!
Dentist.. Oh how i missed you
Deleted almost all the people on my Facebook from my school.
Its December 1st and I'm walking to class in a t-shirt and there is no snow
Cant wait til tomorrow. Want this day to be over with so i can see the call back list!!!
about to start pole dancing classes soon! then you aint gone be able to tell me nothin...lol
I just love it when a beautiful woman handles my hair cut
Getting an early christmas present tomorrow!
TeamMahoneArmy you're becoming more & more like me each day. proud :')
Dear teacher please stop talking I am sick of listening to you!!! Ummm thanks annoyed :p
Cant wait I get my new car
ktadxo aw your first tweet's mine! proud !
At the medical center this morning. Lord, calm my nerves and heart!
My insecurities get the best of me
Wait what. I'm an OC?
Seems Like You Have To Techno Song To Get On The Radio -______-
Stupid phone upgrades take forever!
She got that. Boom boom pow.
IM BACK TWEEPS <3
This time tomorrow i'll be able to be held by my mommy! I want her to hurry up & get here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
MartaMartinii un disco de musica,de un grupo de 3 chicos adivina el nombre ??
gapmanjas I know everyone of em as I'm chief teenybopper! proud!
_Violettx Emaantjuh _LangeJan_ dat is echt leuk man! Doen we toch love ;)
Sorry for all those who believe that I won't be successful...
todays one of those days where everything anyone says pisses me off. AND the Packers are sucking right now....
alliesmilesxo Hey guess what? It's Christmas Break! Where has the time gone? happy holland!
bout to go write some poetry and listen to some rhymes.
i absolutely HATE when people stand in the middle of hallway and make it impossible for anyone to walk through!
Couldn't ask for better :)
Everybody deserves to be in
The Year Without a Santa Claus is the best part of this season along with the rest of the claymation movies
What a great weekend!
I can't take much more.. </3
parents don't belong with their child at college, GO AWAY!
ABarth78 A_Koester55 hahaha. Atleast I can talk to girls in my own grade..
jhosler20 idk how u stay home alone all the time, I'm going crazy
I always end up losing my cleats every so often for about half a week and than they show up.....its been almost 2!
can't wait to see arimoledina the big sis tomorrow!
extremelyakwardmoment when you send the wrong to someone and then ignore them like nothing happened.
Nearly home! Can't wait to see Felicity. Early night before 06.30 train tomorrow morning for NTChaplains launch!
Gonna have a good day happy :)
lenaaaaaaa Los gaste el primer dia y lo tuitee. Ya te has olvidado de mi.
...T R U S T <---- is that even a word though?? 'still tryna figure out if it has any meaning
Watching the first flurries of the season from the newsroom right now--should I be excited by the snow, or worried for winter?
Ugh my bro get on my last fuckin nerves
Life is so much better when the person you love shows that they love you back
The mall is ridiculously packed.
we betray the ones we
Tillys catalog...means i go on my shopping spree tmw or  Saturday
he just bought me my fav. candy (:
& even in spite of tonight's run in with the cops I saw my brody show out, saw my best friend, my LaShayShay, my Tifha & James ^_^
TheRealCarolina justinbeiber elvisduran it's funny listening to u guys in the radio n then watching the tweets lol
guess why i smile a lot, cause it's worth it
MaliGutierrez spiffygiff10 the picture of us at the Texas game is the background on my phone
i squat more than this boy in my weight lifting class ... he should be
Stop looking at everything wrong. Look at everything RIGHT that's led you to blessings and love. ~ Lori Moreno
The new Belfast date sold out in 3 minutes!!
YOU know when YOU W/ someone AND miss when they're away
Cant wait for 11:11 again!!!!:)
swt_ladie lol my teacher is the same; I've found our birthday sashes and tiaras. I going to pick it up.
If you are going to retweet somebody 100 damn times. You are getting unfollowed.
Getting new socks was NOT as exciting as I thought it would be
Lwe_Afrika yahhh that place & music, joyful all the time.  great time at different joints, i miss the place also...
Twitter is highly overrated and i may just take a stand and delete my account! Ahhhh
I have about a 250 square foot apartment and I can't find my keys
Did I just see a wild carriegilchrist running around USchool???
Loves manc! But wanna be home right now! Or atleast have someone to hug me!
4 days until i come homeeee
when she gets back her face is going to glow =) with SMILES when she see them lights
Patriots killed it.
Forgetting the day you and your girl got together is like digging your own grave. iamanidiot..., embarrassed,
_novacane69 imjuxme_kierra simplyleilei thats some bullshyt how yu first when kierra the bf and I'm the boo
Apparently Scott and I the only ones from our class that love and appreciate Treva
Love when my phone decides to basically commit suicide
KillenBlake did not see you Friday
oxlybops why so
Next time I go to church, I'ma make sure I'm far away from my brother
MariaJDomingo SydneyMostyn Hope you guys have fun hanging out with someone this fine Saturday night while I cry in a corner now =[
Just realized this is possibly my last night in Warwick.
getting ready to go take the act.
Funny how Chris Brown died his hair for the AMA show? Looks like the dude in the Rhianna Video..hmm
MJDotsUnite If you wrote a book, I certainly would read it. Please do!  LOVE  :)
I'm so glad for everything in my life.
I wish I had a sister or a brother I can do things with all the time. Like a personal built in friend.
God has never answered a prayer this soon. and i'm still in awe that he's actually answering it.
Myy plans arent ruin for the night after all
Some of the little shits in the cafe are just asking to have the shit kicked out of them.
louisebrealey Is there some sort of 18 rated Sherlock you have all been hiding from us?
What am I thankful for? Having a full family where we can all sit in a room, smile, and truly be family..
I hate these stupid clinical notebooks!!
I just want to go back to normal
Oh the anticipation
The best thing i never had
Thankful for all of our supportive family, friends and followers.  Happy Thanksgiving!
My brother has court today . :(
Brother gets home in about 5 days..excited :)
Your such a suck up to the grade above us
YungQueen HumbleDiva why u entertain niggas like modollar1 & havoc920 niggas are old, washed and def in their second childhood
I love you because the way you hold me and dont let go
I don't answer your calls or texts, i obviously don't wanna hang out with you
So much for being on my ice cube flow!! Lol all good funny enough I kind of like my body... *shrugs*
Davidsons lookin at me
favorite time of the day: at home on the couch with my tiny little lapdog and my wife.
I'm so cold I'm using my laptop for warmth right now.
Yaya, finally a guy who treats me right.
ilovejamich on GGV. susunod na!
Havent blow dried or straightened my hair for a week!
Even though Chad_Jackson24 is awful at basketball, he may be even worse at madden. He got tebowed!!!!!!
Wishes willcrump13 was here to cuddle wif me on this rainy morning :( lonely.
rage Just… Oh my motherfurking turtle son of a bitch tit… just
bit of shopping, then xmas lunch at work xx
damn the devil won't let up for nothing!!!! ugh!!!!!
6:45am up and awake & finishing off packing some last few things :)
Posing with money but got on rocawear jeans smfh....Sad!!
tparkerx3 monicaleah96 LaurenCoats1 apparently no one's posting any videos... There were people filming tho!
SO MANY FEELINGS. CAN'T SLEEP.
7 more days until i get to see my homie/ lover/ ride or die / best bestie in the whole world KillaTay93
Happy Thanksgiving!
TeAmoo pero mañana no t voy a ver Sad.    :'(
my twitter seems to of gone back to the old version rather than the new one
I need a massage.
Weird when what you have  been wishing for fer so long finally comes true
Last night with a free yard
que j'ai posté 1303 tweets pour l'instant ...
Another one!! Omg
fed up with certain people
going to bed feeling ill
benmhead25 is coming up tomorrow to see me and spend the weekend with me.
fratboy_cope thinks he knows about my relationships.  Too bad I don't have one.
Last presentation of the semester and we got good feedback. Hopefully he likes the paper. I neeed to pass!
Wooow that aint even like me
that moment when you are bores so you read tweets but then you run out sp u keep refreshing
my twitts r hella long annoying lol
JAvaJuice_ i just lol at this in class and everybody turned to look at me. smh.
Hmmm porridge and a cuppa on a lazy sat morning
when you accidentally message the wrong person
Good morning my luvs...Thank God for another day...
New years resolution .... Tweet more!
i can already tell tomorrow's gonna be one of those days where my middle fingers gonna be the answer to everything.
As it looks now, I will be able to see MiekaPauley on Thursday. And it's only 10 minutes from my house.
best 11:11 wish I've made in a long time
GOOOOD LUCK :) “Yo_Shi_Bad At my job interview waiting. NERVOUS (:”
finished writing and saving part 11. whooo.
I just got unfollowed by a nigga that walks around with cotton swabs in his ears
Brady really isn't playing like himself tonight.
I can't physically change the channel when 'The Notebook' is on
DoItLikeJassie 20 more days ! ThoseThreeWords make me THANKFUL <3
If your bi please admit it causee everybody know lmao. Irritated .
BoyBieberarmy OMG!! I'm really
You make flowers fight to be your name.
Damn her mom wrote her letters??
I would accidentally slide off the treadmill and fall on the floor
I hate when parents say i HAVE to do something its like no i'm not unless you pick me up im not doing anything
Freaking scared. Got that pit feeling if he wont making it :/
Hope I get my bedlem ticket! Nervous!
Today has been a lonely boring day
I love when it's only 12 and my phone has 45%.......
Damn I'm sooooooo
On the way to Bowling Green for Black Friday shopping. excited (((:
Pmsl! I just walkd into a newsagent (joggers et clutch) & asked for TheNewsOfTheWorld completely forgettin they were no more.
only in the town of orangeburg do you have to wonder what ur plans for the weekend will be lols smh
I love when people only call me when they need something...
kenzii_kenz... Or like I wasnt just at your house the weekend before... Sad...
Katrina u may or may not be!! Chikni Chameli but u re sure one awesum Chameli :) :D Love ........
Count your blessings.. don't take them for granted
I got a math and biology midterm tommorrow and i have to stay the whole day at school these next three days. SAD.
constantly checking your phone to see if they texted back
Someone is playing Angry Birds...I know that tune...
Karl wolfe's new song!
Started teaching Mahra last year..she was failing 4 subjects & way behind. This semester, through hard work she is first in her class
About to have a night with my girls and the Lord... this should be beautiful!
Back to the herst in 13 days
Watching The Notebook for the billionth night in a row, yuppp.
littlemissashe major sadface... My first year away from homecoming
Lazy Sunday. My favourite day of the week. Too much food, loads of sleep and sport and maybe a bit of geetar if i'm feeling active.
I always love how when I actually read the book I still fail a quiz.. And then get accused of not reading
IzzieGlencross buzz for not doing anything in art as well! Yesterday Honey wasn't even there
When their needed my mommy, daddy & siblings are to the rescue :)
I hate when my phone cant get tweets
Let start off with hey and end with
I still don't understand why you bother calling me , we're not in speaking terms asshole
don't think we're getting that white christmas this year.
I really thought you was better then that !
second consecutive all-nighter.
got soo much going through my mind.
maggieronayne 27/30 people are gonna fail the final
them frent fries i just ate LOVE >>>>>>>>
He always be gone all day.!
Surrender request to both parents
I'm not using anyone's anything anymore, I'm so sick of getting blamed for things I didn't do
So much homework 2 do but I can't never do it in my dorm room and everytime I wanna go 2 the lounge somebody in there
I hate when I finally lay down and get comfortable then I get the sudden urge to pee.  annoying.
spending the day with my beautiful niece
Wishes the history sub would shut the fuck up and let us do our work!! >:/
Cp3 is coming to LA!!!
I love ltd981 met heel me
That moment when your leg muscle just won't stop twitching.
Oh my god. Shut the fuck up you white trash bitch.
TafoyaPDX I'm going on the 28th! They have a whole new staff
ATL in 4 days!
I absolutely hate those pop up takeover ads. I will never buy a product that uses them. Worse than phone sales people!
I have applied for three jobs. And, i have an interview tomorrow.
feylya Hehe.. The only games I ever get into are FPS and racers, so I'd be safe from that!  But man used I get into FPS's.
I am a sophomore. Stop sending me emails trying to recruit me to your university.
what's taking my brother so long?
Worst nights 'sleep' in a while. Now overly tired and abit panicky about KingofShaves pres today. Tim Wright, please be nice!!
My 1000th tweet went to the amazing people in my life now so my 2000th goes to everyone from my past who made me who I am today
It's about 3 years since I been wit my boyfriend no breaks or breakups
You can love all the people, but surely with a different level and degrees. So, respect the one who loves you most.
Ready for tomorrow after school to go Christmas shopping a little.
Another long day for me at work today, hope I survive with this on my back. :/
CzarSerr I was only saying it cuz on stupid Chelsea Lately they were talking shit about Colombia just cuz of the coke stereotype.
Pandora Mariah Carey holiday station is the perfect mood changer
Mfs don't even care that a bitch is pregnant they just smoke these damn cigarettes like me and my baby asking for cancer wtf
That awkward moment when an inanimate object scares the shit out of you..
i have no life
Why is noone texting me back :-(
I hate when the class is really quiet cause everyone is working, and then there is that one person who breathes really loud
yansquared pete0168 noelnaughton   Wait Noel has a twitter!!!!! I wasn't told until now!!!!!!
Pride & Prejudice: DONE. My success of the week.
where's abg ? his not home :/ worried .
Whoever tht hideous girl was tht commented on GUN_BUCcYa & sofias pic irked me __-, it fckn says UNCLE JAY ___- stupid
Can't believe I've been to town and back and its only half 12
Christmas is 8 days awayyy,
If I don't sleep tonight.. Someones day in the sunshine state may not be so sunny
So I saw SirSpuggie a few minutes ago but he couldn't wave back hurt lol
When your not allowed in the room because your mums wrapping your presents
340 on board! a pro los 400 , muchisimas gracias!!!!! ;)
People with annoying voices...
...“Zanga tins“..with AbimbolaA4 Bowloo Tunero.. N co....bliss..
The only thing keeping me going is the thought of seeing rihanna tonight EXCITED chloe_styche EllaMachen
I'm gonna do this now...
About to present to my class.. I hate when all eyes are on me. :/
Black Friday, lord this people gone be fighting & everythang else sad!
dwaving great little evening sprint
Just made the best cuppa ever. Like it's heaven in a cup... You know you lead a very boring life when making a nice cuppa excites you!
So I'll be takin the skytrain to work today. This shall be interesting. Thanks mom for waking me up with your loud ass skype call.
So.. I have parkinston when I do oral presentation.
I have really good ideas but when it comes to doing it i change my mind..
Good karma never finds me...
There goes my Friday night :/
Girls I'n bed , hubster late home so shower & chill
Mi pa esta bien
Only a few left until my 2000th tweet
Chilling before the game
What's Minnie Without Mickey , What's Tigger Without Pooh  , What's Spongebob Without Patrick, What's Me Without You !!
Theres just something awesome bout sleeping on freshly washed sheets.
Bellydancing from 5-630 in alumni hall!! Come and dance!
After driving along way to meet my landlord and he aint answering his fone
Why can't I find a single needle in this house? Plenty of thread, no needles to be found.
When I say nothing I mean nothing
marymcelhone having seen in a while
Off to Auburn with Erwagg and our parents!
Oof. Sheffield vs Warwick on Christmas universitychallenge Thursday. I bet I care more than LovelyStrumpet
Finally done with drivers ed
if twitter and facebook werent made i wouldnt be able to creep on my friends at college
chrisclarkson yeah headin down early for a shandy, I'm actual dreading the drinks already!
up. Bout to tke a shower then git ready to play basketball wit varsity girls!! :)
BlytheARoo I had a dream where we were making out.
Cannot wait for new York next year!
Sunny day in the Okanagan LOVE !!!
I have the weirdest friends but I love them
WOOOHOOO i got my 1st question TYTYTYTYTY excited!!
We use ta talk all day long but now our scheduals are so different that its hard to make that work
Been an awesome 1st year. Label receiving support from Jaytech & VitoDito & Tracks featured in computer music! 2012 let's rock
Jumping in leaf piles at 1.40am. Makes my night
Boys: Hold you girls hand in cold outside and warm them up :)
This week is actually going by fast.
This watermelon long island though! love lol
Buffalo chicken pizza, not a good choice.
ashleyy_kingg heard you put some bitch in her place the other day, way to go. proud (:<3
SmallBizLady Thank you for the re-tweet Melinda.  God is LOVE (1 John 4:8, 16) God LOVES you and your family and so do I. King Nimrod
Awkward moment when you crack up laughing in the middle of watching a performance
Alexandraaa_Mc hahahaha. We'll be ill for days LindseyandAlexontour excited watchoutpeeps xxx
Every kiss feels like the first. God gave me the best man ever!
i hate incompetent workers.
That 1special guy,,that you can't stop thinking about .....
Dam my mama need to hurry up and get off so i can get this over with
John Mark McMillan and mountains.
Ginger_Martini love your profile picture by the way!
Y... Se acabaron las clases!
justinbieber I love you so much and I support you and your family! Will always respect you and pray for selenagomez ! love 984
Dude. Ryan Goseling. Crazy Stupid Love. Heaven.
my heart stops every time i think of VPA
FUCK_EEEERBODY5 ROSSCAUSERUCKUS mann i died and yall laughed at me..
just learnt how to do a fish tail plait! yay
dat luchtje van naomi campbell is zooo lekker
Soo proud of myself! Got my essay done and PERFECTED before 8pm. Gettin on top of my shit lately!  
Oh my goodness. Boyce Avenue's We Found Love is fantastic. So is every other song they record.
Really hate when people take forever in the bathroom
JeyElDiablo happy b day mon Loulou pleins de bonheur groooooos bisous
At Olio cafe = one of the best for breakfast / coffee / service in Melbourne's CBD.
Oh yeah sitting in the theater ready for breaking dawn!!
Okk fine I have one but he's sooooo wack
RealBlackCoffee i cant find ticket at ticketnet for the event on da 16 December
Family. Food. Football. Fun.
Going to see my moms in a min
gettin the under the mistletoe cd today by justinbieber
The rough life of a baritone
Look at those graves!!
Senior snuggie sleepover
Yay, I got my boyfriend back :))
There putting cows hearts in there mouths........
Oh yea, got Kingdom Hearts AND Kingdom Hearts II!!
Is valenciamusic 's farewell show really sold out? Excuse me while I cry myself to sleep. Depressed.
Spent 1 hr just to call singtel to reset my internet acc password and username.
I don't have everything I WANT but I have MORE than I deserve! :)
lemonrhodes tired but ok, had Mr 4's kinder concert which was far too cute! He stepped in at the last minute as drummer
I had a productive past few hours
I never thought I would ever call a fish cute until I met this one. <3
Oooo online check-in tomorrow flybmi
MorganLynn1311 go to bed... annoying justkidding # : )
I knew you could change for the better.. After all this time.
omg like one week until christmas yay exciting !
guess a egg a do it den
I think me and EmilyHodge3 may have bombed a math test
Back at SU means sucky phone service
dbbanginDOTcom TeamFollowBack Give me one sec to return the
Quiero unos m&m's
i don't understand why guys hoodies have such baggy wrists,
Just ordered all new makeup :)! Sooo excited!
Mfs like me starving . Fck around and dnt eat til dinner Hurt .
..Soooo i Start My New Job Next Week :)
Polo shoppin for my og man I love my mama
It just seems like a trend that every week its something new for one NFL team to screw me outta money
1 thing ihate is when ppl r on the bus and like to talk loud as hell while they on the phone
Ahhh today is such a good day :)
2:00 am and I'm finally tired. Thanks for the regular expresso instead of decaf, Starbucks.
Good morning!!! Up early packing for my trip.
Andre Johnson hurt again
I love cuddlin' with my Jaybay
thanks to my new followers!!! love 314 !!!
saroshwaizZz do letme before launch bhai.. :)
lying on the couch, Shiraz in hand and catching up on the last few weeks of The Slap and Crownies
Just had the college talk with my parents. I realized Im graduating next year and I don't even know what I'm doing with my life
BrandyUSA Where in San Diego is the new store opening up?! I could not be more excited!!
I haven't felt this way in awhile..
Looking forward to some home comforts...
ClaireMcIntyre1 ME TOO. I really dislike sugarland. And their songs are ALWAYS in my head
Yay!  QT amberrashelle: God is SO good! Got word last night that my cousin will be ok! Thanks for all the prayers :)
JessicaBurnage you've made me paranoid that I haven't sent mine off year
Going to see Jordan tomorrow with twitterless Brittney :)
If i woke up 2morrow on my 30bday & saw rihanna juliannehough Eminem kanyewest S_C_ justinbieber taylorswift13 tweet me
that was the worst game the NYR played this season
Gleeks + britneyarmy (Malaysian) make sure yall watch tonight's Glee on NTV7! Because britneyspears will be there!
i love when my phone doesn't get text messages NOT frustrating needanewphone !
The connection on my XBox is crap tonight.
Johnny black on the rocks with my mom and grandma warm home ginger beer and sorrel
“passaggio: LikeList just got off work brandirahill billjohnston joefoodie VickyAkins ABandOfWives” yay 4 you, enjoy!
I've really had a rough few weeks. Emotionally, I am drained. But each weekend I had with friends have been the most fulfilling.
Fish are friends not food
“Jos_Lynnx: No school for me today! lyingiseasy” ....
Day 1570: I get to work on the drunk superconductors! Looking forward to accepting my IgNobel Prize.
Seeing a 3 legged stray dog wobble down the street<<<<<<<<
Taking a break from social sites..I gotta get real life in order..happy God is a God of mercy and a million chances today.
Shopping for a puppy(:
Looking hot at the play
bweeek couldn't agree more!
Looking forward 2 watching a bit of happy feet 2 get in the Christmas spirit :) Just bought some really nice north face gloves too
I know that if I give you a chance i'd finally find what I was looking for but I just can't put myself up to it.
This woman and her stupid lab assignments dgyskfjhjgfhhj ughhh ....
Man i thankful to silk marvin gaye nd all thm 4 makn tht sex music which made my moms nd pops get dwn nd my me thankful lol
HannaMariana_ seguindo você , segue de volta
RichardJMurphy The USA needs an FDR too, but instead we have Herbert Hoover.
DanielEade I know!! Wish I knew what for!!
She has the mentality of a gay man-louiejoseph haha
Hood Morning PutGod1st KeepGod1st missamber504 DaBDSTCaliRedd JovitaMoore ResiCup8 RedDawn10 michym1 CSealy1 SheSeauxSaditty
You guys make me just Twitter with happiness! DiscoverNorCal crazyquiltz astruwe goheyjudy beadsoul HairyPutter bfas hrc
bible study starts tonight
AngeloAlcid asiandoood sigmarue we don't know what kind of calibrations Garrus has been working on though
Finally watching the twilight I haven't seen!:-D
chance is da only way yu will find
Taylor swift makes waking up so much easier <3
Waking up to the noise of football and a new day
im like a traffic signal.. (your scenario here) ...
I need softball to get my mind off everything..
Thirsty thursday's even on thanksgiving at the funtion
Emraan Hashmi refused to work with Sunny Leone ! Now mahesh bhatt will find a newcomer to work with her and movie will be FLOP
REALFRANKYSHOCK wow thats
I bet he gone ask why I ain't called them lately, n say u know Christmas is coming up...like the phone works both ways
Chicago=The men are jealous of each other and the Women are always in competition
Indian man just asked me to fuck off and I can say was okay thanks bye.
Who knew the bus had outlets!? surprise!
Kid_Hudi_2 couragekillz26 pro_birdwatcher beers and wings turned into beers
deeemiboogert heeft me been wel goed gemasseerd man
jtizzard might as well i havent gotten drunk in like 2 days
LadyBlogga I feel the exact same way!  Happy. Xx
wen i hear dhis song i b want'n 2 cry
I think it may be time to head over to the C_H_C_U match - sadly watching from the sidelines...
awww shit never mind .. wards on fire
i better see snow covering the ground when i wake up on Christmas Day.
Baby girl just left for her memaws mommys gotta work
Okay..im safe..on the bus (:
Walking behind 5 couples holding hands, by myself, makes me miss you that much more! lonely youhateme nnelms
OH's laptop infected with virus and away being cleaned. We sharing my PC.
teaching hip hop for the first time tonight
Finally get to see the half season finale of walking dead
Can't wait to run the Thanksgiving Turkey Trot. :)
Love is like popcorn, it needs some heat to pop, be careful not to burn it
You're honestly not as cool as you think you are... Like chill.
I'm glad were talking
See a lot of people wanting close and loyal friends I'm glad I know who mine are
Yes! Just downloaded UnderTheMistletoe album to my phone! justinBieBER, swag proud!
katherine_lynn2 looks like your learning twitter! proud theygrowupsofast!
Tonight I will be n new York city ahhhh
Embrassed to take my poodle to the groomer. He hella matted..
they should not be in the bottom two!!
omg nuuuuut I thought it was saturday when I woke up :'(
Put a sunflower seed in my mouth and instantly thought of camp <3
I truly respect mothers. I literally cooked for like the whole day and I feel like I took a year. I wonder how they do it.
El amor es pureza...solo tienes que amar...asi es el amor
So sad...stopitfive.RT MekenzieDrake71: I talk about sex alot cuz I neva get boned..
I guess my Christmas wish would never come true. justinbieber ain't gonna follow me. *sigh* depressed followbackplease muchlove 28
ahhhh I'd treat you so much better than that!
First Game Tommorow :D <3
The fucking book is for sale in my country. Gonna buy it now!
I wanted to do so much this weekend but I can't
What an emotional thanksgiving I love my family :)
Found so great containers for some gifts
HATE it when ronnie calls Sn00ki shnooki
I woke up this morning and seriously almost started to get ready for school.. embarrassing..
The raiders are the better team so far and they just lost to Tim Tebow. Ladies and Gentlemen, your AFC West!
igotmyearspiercedwhen I was in probably 6th grade or something, but it kept closing and I had to get it redone again, twice!
i'm so upset i'm missing wearetheincrowd right now at AVeryGKHoliday :/ I'm blasting them in my car though singing every word sadness </3
my mom just called herself the bomb...
JustinVerlander my sister's fiance USsoldierBoyMed has served for 11 years and is still serving.
When people come up to you and start talking about something they know nothing about!
Why does ATT UVerse always act up when I'm watching the Texans game?
Up & ready to start a productive day. Thank you Lord for waking me up this morning.
Just back from dinner w/my agent, who's travelled all the way to Indy to talk to ButlerU's MFA students this weeknd. Can't beat that.
Stef hates me and my dirty south hoodie.
Yay for being young and actually having a life. Oh and friends. Can't forget that :)
I'm hopelessly in love.
My soul is on the road with the Lord
ArianaGrande Hey when is your 1st video coming out? :D excited!
justinbieber I'm very proud of you,you make me believe in my dreams,please notice me?I love you more than anything, BELIEVE EXCITED <3 45
_LoveYourSwag lol Shutup Be Out
BonkTheButcher give me mighty taco and a massage
RifkaanisaMJ I'm fine sis..how are you? yeah it's boring if you don't celebrate it...I've to go now I'll talk to you tomorrow :-)
Snuggling on the couch surrounded by family previewing episodes 1&2 of CLUE w/ KENDAllAMYRE.
lepacooper Yeaah I always wanted one so.. FINALLY! Haha.
I'm so lost for words...... broken I really would like to just beat the fuck out of something ...
A Tiny bit of Hope can help you grow a great Love.
TrentKyle Winter in Canberra is a bitch! YES I do feel like the man if I survive but then there's AustraliaDay? HottestDayOut
Jaislayer4real could of swore I saw a pair of titties on that show as a kid so I kept watching it. Never saw em again though.
Damn the chick singing the national anthem for the packers/lions game messed up...
All I need is to be right here forever
Ugh my roommates bf is going to be here tomorrow.
My cousin's making pumpkin cheesecake for Thanksgiving tomorrow!
Thought thesitter was going to be awesome but it was so lameee
HAHA. Just ventured onto Student Finance calculator. NEVER AGAIN. Resulted in Mum trying to convince me I'll be fine on £21 a week.
Mum & I screaming at each other, fighting, tearing the house apart. I can now believe I'm truly back home.
I said Honolulu-ish instead of Hawaiian. Embarrassing!
has absolutely no patience for bullshit right now and that seems to be the only thing that I'm getting.
i wonder if kanye will sing some of my beautiful dark twisted fantasy tomorrow
The roast my dad is cooking smells amazing!!!
My future, is such a big secret. ;)
I fuckin hate the holiday season
It hurts the most, when someone who made you feel special yesterday makes you feel like you are the most unwanted person today..
Audrey's laugh <3
then when i got home from gettin my wet seal bag i realized i had brought a small shirt instead of a large
It would be awesome if the pounding in my head would stop,
I feel like we should go ask Chris if he can take us to the booze store now so we can just start when we get home
Thank you WinnieFeatKero ! Ca me fait ultra plaisir de te lire ! Faudrait trop qu'un jour on fête les nôtres ensemble...
Alhumdulillah a Beautiful Morning  Well Tweeps my Holidays start 2day..Flying out 2ngt 2 Lovely Malaysia Peneg n Dubai Whoooooooooo
Dying for a haircut but apparently Michelle is on vacay!
yungbrooklyn125 im calm.baby. Shit disturbed my spirit at first. Had to remember who the person was and our history I expect that shit
I can ball again!!!!
Why isn't there more color in this store?  And what is that awful smell?
When you're 12 and your parents let you sit with your peeps when you go places cool. When you're 18 and still doing the same thing,
getting ready to leave :)
This song has been in my head all day.
just booked NathanKeating & John Brazell and JohnnyStrat for what will be an epic concert!
Hey it's 11:11 11-11-11! Oh wait, that's only 10 1's
Organized all my dressing shirts according to color. :) Good night all And God Bless you.
'dat is imitatie leer, dus die doen we niet'
Disney today with my pumpkin for the very merry Christmas party!!!
You never follow through with anything you say
Don't you just hate it when your kept awake by someone snoring.....all night
If you dont freakin know somebody quit talkin about them!
- GoodMorning! Time to present ma project. :) Put a lot of work into it.
envisioning waking up to angry reblogs and messages, prove me wrong pleeeeease
Big up to the fam JDera and Raekwon tonight as they celebrate ICEH2OCanada and JD Era's signing.... Been saying he got next
I'm gonna move in with him soon
walked as fast as i could home and it only took me half an hour
parade with the youth group tomorrow!
I gotta work Thanksgiving day and black Friday!  joy..
Ffs one reason why I hate winter, I seem to get cold sores now!
That vnote from BGKIonline… *smile*
Hate it when I'm exhausted but can't manage to fall asleep
The mentions I get when im Not on Twitter >>>>>>>>>>
Naughty_Auti why is he bothering her ?
First outing today for the band fundraiser at Mcdonalds... nervous can'tlooklikeshitanymore
beccacrossan BECCA IT'S TUESDAY AND YOU AREN'T IN HARRISONBURG SO I CAN WORK WITH YOU
Bullshitted my way through my last empo quiz ever!
MattMulcahy petethamelnyt BS&K should've known better...CAUSE THEY'RE LAWYERS!!!!!!
WHEN WILL justinbieber FOLLOW ME OR NOTICE ME ? !
I just got this instant 'I miss spring/summer' feeling. Must have that
Five guys in Kent island opens December 5th.
its been confirmed TheRealXtina CHRISTINA AGUILERA's NEW SINGLE  will be released on january 2012!
I have raised my child for 5 years now, I don't think I need you to tell me what to do
Hjahaha when your ipods on shuffle and mr lonely comes on by akon niceone dudeeee haha
__Paiid Josh_TheShooter lol I need yal to come get me wtf, I don't like driving that car, it take too long to start up. embarrassing.
Headed to church. Thanksgiving Speech 2011-
Happy thanksgiving everyone!
Not to mention that last tweet was exactly 180 words
Hey Tweets :) what a day it is, we are so fortunate to live in a time and be a part of such a positive universal shift. Embrace and love :)
Breaking up in Central Park
But um yea I get over it its gone be kylee thats hurt in the end
ridulousness with SteeloBrim  robdyrdek chanelwestcoast ryandunntv everyone tune in! amazing episode!!
TheWoodette it was lovely....with candles and Christmas music playing too!
myMukluK your mom just called me again
Why did I have to randomly wake up???
What's going on with me? I don't feel amped like I used to when I go out anymore. :( think I'm getting old!! worrying.
HAHAHAHA...homegirl took a mirror picture with her phone..not only that...but the charger was plugged in...
So happy my life is coming together ...
Im the only one in the family that hasnt went and saw my baby cusin :C . sad .
MileyCyrus oh i thought u could follow me but when i saw how much people u were following i said 'SHE WONT'
So good to actually FEEL at home. My bed is so comfortable I could cry. happiness!
Sleepy ::yawn:: work comes early~ goodnight sweet tweeps~wishing all pleasant dreams and much to write about~
I CAN NOT WAIT UNTIL THE SEASON STARTS,
New Twitter. -__-
I'm thankful for StaticMadness yourshowercap megzilla7 JennyKawaguchi Ghamdifirst1 TheSeaBadger TheJulietReeves
Nothing like hot yoga and a misto to warm up this cold morning
Even though I did make a birthday/Christmas list, I did so in October and have no recollection of what's on it. surprise!
Its alot more i could ask for , but im Happy with what I've got :) Thankful:* !
oOodonnaoOo haha. My woman quotes ill mcs in her tweets.
My stomach is in knots
With the best friend getting her molars taken out
Almost Done With My Project!! Excited!!
Definitely best night I've had in a long time. :) happy.
I really love flakey people. annoyed.
Me, I'm used to being tired and bloody but you believed that I could be somebody.
Can't wait for my mum & stepdad to be here next weekend
kellysheeranx haha bless ya:') I'll have to give you definitions from now on. Thought you understood my language disappointed :(
I start classes on the 29th!¡! excited.
Damn! For some reason I can't upload pictures!
Bam's unholy union marathon coming on next!
Starting to think why I made my mom text ...
8-8 between England Women and New Zealand
Watching Jimmy Neutron
Tomorrow I am going to be in my bra, my undies & my wings watching the VSFashionShow with my main girls! :]
Um excuse you. Im i girl not a dog
I hate this class. If your explain things better and not give us a million things at once to do, maybe we'd understand.  
3 more days & i get my friends back thoughtzblunted Vanaynayy Deedz_xo <3
I can't wait until Friday! EXCITED :)
Believe it or not, I am a grown up and I can make grown up decisions.
Tomorrow is December :D Christmas is the best Time of the Year :D
This Generation Is Losing Its Creativity
Getting my hair done by a new person
@ winter wonderland in Hyde park about to go on the drop zone! (power tower)
This is the first time in 5 years I'm not going to the carolina clemson game..
I hate when girls say their fat just so people will say their not!
Keep on feeling sad. Why? It's been a long time since then. But still on my mind.
Poor Blackberry. Cold the way I turned on them. Oh, well. On to the iphone 4s.
I'm not going to lie! i kinda miss leanneemilyx! even if she is a massive cock :-D
Watching the girls practice basketball does nothing but make me miss it more. Too bad I can't make myself leave.
87% in one class 85% in the other. proud =)
Meeting with Jamie this week!
Breaking Dawn part 1 pre ordered!
i juz got a free blackshot account with a high rank....
Got a conformation from The New York Conservatory for Dramatic Arts...audition january 21st.
I need my throat to go numb, right about now. hurting frustrated.
My mind is busy thinking of my life not others' life. That's why I owe happiness.
Watchin HSN with Mary Beth. No, I'm not ashamed that I know the HSN and QVC people by name.
That call I jus got>>>>>>>> HAPPY!!!
I like how my mom knows who oomf Is and anytime she sees him she flips out and texts me or she whispers his name.
mornning ! trying out track today ....
Weer een heerlijke dag gehad met m'n liefste sjorsreekers. Can life get any better than this?
new teen mom now
Crying my eyes out
Can't freaken wait for Breaking Dawn Part 1 Excited!
Love is when you have seen the best and worse of someone, yet you still love them for what they have.
I love life! Read more via DavidVolz and TiffanyVolz //
i retweet too much
Fries are ment to be ate right then and there, not put in fridge to be reheated ugh
David__Hopkins So no more sweet tuts?
graceturiano I am freaking out. Like having anxiety/can't sleep.
pete_churchill no, I'm not gonna add him after he rejected my wallpost, you tell him that I am NOT impressed.
about  to unfollow you
I cannot wait to get home, see my family and my animals & then eat tons of food.
Still cant believe that happened last night.. Life is too short!
Your all I need !
ThingsWeAllHate not being able to find the numbered door on the christmas calendar
got some mac & cheese boii
I get to see my family in a couple of days
The only bad thing about long hair is drying it after a bath or shower takes ages!
When you follow your sibling on twitter.
Thanks for following me KeenanO101
Just saw green flame for the first time in my life. Dad's burning some metal.
Jay__Breezy lmao I wait til I pull up to his house...and blast da fuck outta sum trina!! Tehehehe annoying!
About to take a nap
I seriously need a new phone! Nothing works on this mofo!
Woops overslept. 2 more days of schoool. Holidaay in a week
hope i pass that last exam.
Hate 2 faced bitches!!
Another night of slanting booze to old dudes. These guys are in here EVRY DAY. If I'm like this in my 70's set me on fire....please
Same as joey, all you xboxers following me, gimme an add
meh, who cares?! Andrew is gonna be in PA soon and I could not be more excited!!!!
looking forward to celebrating the Christmas season with my husband blakelaw3
I got lucky
News said Oakland Christian - clarkston closed and I got excited and then realized that's not us...
It is so cold outside!! 4 more days of the semester and then graduation!!
Bezig aan de klote-opdrachten van taal en bedrijf en portfolio van seminaries. Fucking BIN-normen zeg!
tilzxxx started packing for centre parcs already today hehehe
jace_axton the one time I move mine..
Had to detoxify my remote& my phone... disgusted.
Ok my power really needs to come back on…
rebecca_stocks so there was a red jeep coming down from abbeybyrd's house/street. ran out waving hysterically..wasnt you.
Can sum1 explain to me why Walmart is out of ornament hooks?
No one will ever be there for me like you were. <3
Oooh - Prints Have Arrived!
What would i do without my mom <3
unpopular opinion: i hated this week's episode! the most beautiful and legendary love was brought on by an enchantment
I'm so freaking  pissed off
I fall for you every time, it's disgusting.
Waiting for my family from Spain to get in stilll. This is ridiculous! Too much
wittiandresen me: I have to go to sleep now.  sis: you have to go to tweet now?  me: you're not even following me
Late start but my stupid sisters have woke me up arguing!
I actually hate hair so much
KACEFACEx3 I will get right on that
QDOGG789 WANTED BY Indonesian GAY PEOPLE. He's cute though.LOL. ----> indraup
Dim sum with mom and grandma
why cant evryone just be happy? 2 more days till break, and their atitudes r like were still in the first week of school
dad I hope your back breaks. you stupid fuck, I hate you.
One more week of school left then christmas!!!
There is something about a boy and a guitar....
Tmro I get to go to the airport to get my amazin sista Bekah! :) Cant wait! Excited (:
My bed feels extra comfy tonight
My heart breaks and my fuckin' eyez are open!Once more I say fuck my selling life
Dream can be the best and worst thing, but either way they are preventing me of sleep and waking me up at 6am.......
Who is Holland's next top model? Good luck to you girls!
Beauty and the beast
About to watch GotToDance_Sky1 see can i spot any familiar faces :)
Just got goosebumps watching a commercial for the Olympics Summer Games London 2012!!
Listening to fthc and getting ready for the Christmas party at AntBrown20 s place :)
Back, next time don't have a giant spasm when I'm trying to do a takeover.
We weren't supposed to turn out like this
Whipped on the sweats before I chow down on this feast.
Thiss Is Why Im So Selfish Bcuz You Cant Force Me To Do Shyt
direcTv people just come to install the service at my apt! Yeih!
Why do I get the feeling that I'm not the only girl in your life..........
Wud say, every Boss, before planning something 4 some1 shud think, dat this some1 is nt a jack-ass..We ve minds n we can read urs too!
I couldnt ask for better people in my life right now <3
PULLS UP GRADES *BITES NAILS* SCROLL DOWN *SCREAMS* YUP 2 GOOD A'S
When I wake up I feel good cuz its a new day and I'm here to enjoy it!
Now I have to wait till January 4th to do my driving test.
Happy Birthday to my beautiful wife selonsophie . Wait till she spots the gift I've already dropped off at the restaurant!!!
b_malone12 its actually the stupidest protect ever seriouslypettigrew?
Wanna to go home !! :'(
REED_theTRUTH's sweater in her twitcon >>>>
Man I Effin love my besties tlk all 3 2day!
youmeatsix 's SNS got 6th in Kerrangs top ten albums of 2011!!!! proud joshmeatsix Maxmeatsix chrisymas DanMEATSIX mattymas
christinaee1 my cat does the same thing... And knocks off all the ornaments.
Can't sleep..to excited for tmrws game hope I do good
Not gonna be awkward or anything
I really hope I get accepted into Le Cordon Bleu.
justinbieber UNDERTHEMISTLETOE IS THE BEST CHRISTMAS ALBUM EVER!!!! nojoke I CANT STOP LISTENING AT IT!! ITS AMAZING! PROUD 3
Awe man ! I got to 4000 tweets and I didn't even notice
Seriously bothers me when ppl talk over someone.
Glad my boys are ok CommandoLando2 CGuffey12 shea_sparrow
my cuzing blows her nose and it sounds like an elephant...
Wait so eagles come back and win vs giants again? R u
A Walk to Remember with becca_soran and leeuhrussell
I need that one thing, get out get out get out of my mind one direction. love :)
This kids head is F*CKING big I cant see the bored
a no caffeine, no chocolate, low sodium, all water, no fun diet lol
justinbieber Follow me please? Iloveusomuch   2Days All I Want For Christmas Is You Excited :) 27
_Niiikiii_ ya one of the many but I was forgotten about
SplashIsland tomorrow :) It's gunna push through for sure :>
Hmm... I need to devise a plan, and fast
ughhh these stupid emails
Fresh coffee and the Sunday paper out on the deck.
Females that cuss all the time
really happy and content with my life.
Gosh dis lady at my job really gets under my skin
Correct me if I'm wrong, but LA Galaxy's visit to the Philippines starts today right?
berryynice ...nah! You get the fuck out! -. you don't wanna watch Sherlock Holmes.....
Chicken bacon ranch quesdillas and caesar salad
I want you and I need you here less than I thought.
Going to see one direction tomorrow!!! Heard that NiaIIOfficiaI plays guitar! May faint if that happens XD excited!
Strangeblades Tanglebonitis I just loaded and I don't see anything sale related
Gas is under 3 dollars!!!!
too impacient to wait to give gifts
Watching kourtney and kim take new york.
Time needs to move faster, it needs to be next month.
2011 has NOT been my year at all! *thankful* but I am soooo damn
Stop freezing up please
I feel lost without textin him.
you definitely made my night
fbgmichelle Your So Mrs. Burton :)
Balling my eyes out
Happiness is seeing JennRouth signed my yearbook in 2001!
Going to see Breaking dawn in a couple of minutes.... excited!!!
Christmas music gets stuck in my head soo easily.
kelli_buchanan2 I love you bud!!
I'm going to break my turtle beaches one day from throwing them down so hard.
i haven't had an appetite all day.
Everything is mostly planned out for this week
Headed home for lunch and a quiet afternoon before the concert tonight :)
When we met I knew u were the one. To this day I'm still right
Have no other choice!
Let's Sleepover hehe XD
The charts are so much more exciting this time of year lol.
TrentSutton where's the tinkle tinkle?
Inside a snowflake, like the one on your sleeve there happened a story you must see to believe...
not even the end of the1st quarter and i cant watch the giants anymore
well imma receptionist for a week... yay!!! something new!!!
Cuppa tea and Mock the Week before bed. :)
Starting to get very excited and a little nervous ...
Americas funniest home videos
Can I please just go to sleep?
No I do not let people walk over me, you just scare them into getting what you want. There's a difference.
I probably didn't deserve a second chance at some things.. But got it anyways.
Start my workout this week!
That sad moment when you lose you've lost your headphones.
im all in support of strike, but i bet there's some of those people who will be using it as a xmas shopping day
Waiting for Amelia to hit the big amazing note like christina and it don't come
I wonder if all my guys know how much I love them. I'm not gonna tell them... Just gonna show them. Their works inspire me so much
Feelin' nervous when you're not sure how much is too much or too little to text someone.
Yeeaaaj mnn ping en w'app en internet doen het weer :D
seriously though i have one girltalk ticket come get it!
BREAKING DAWN IS AMAZING:) Leah_Danielle6  Thanks for going with me:) i love ya
The fella decided to buy the 'noisy' crickets for our chameleons to eat this week. Our apartment now sounds like the Caribbean
The things you do for love <3(:
I wish I had a new phone
crabbyy_2013 bree_borden raee_raee12 ohhh but who left 17 problems blank??? this girl.
Nothing makes me happier than a phone date with LisaKCarter and seeing ColinDaileda in the same day.
Don't want too many people in the Kool-Aid.. Lhh
Dad SHUTUP. I'm trying to go to sleep
the women in my moms clubs get so person..
Create a Very Loving Relationship ... with YourSelf. ~ Lori Moreno
I HATE QUESTS.
Getting ready for my works Christmas party excited :)
My girl says the sweetest things <3 love.
I love my new club volleyball team
Six more days til christmas.
my kids woke up this morning
My bestfriend got me a new bar for my cartilage piercing & i left it at her house.
wait! maybe i should post it! it might save a few people from jumping off a bridge! fellas some of yall need to really STOP this!
feel like a big bitch
91% on my spanish test :)
The Radiohead concert is sold out!
Sad but true I have not spent the last 6 or 7 years with my family on Thanksgiving. What the fuck have I been doing smh
I'm so ready to see my brand new neighbor!!! Kasey265
K bye. Real_Liam_Payne will never follow me. :'(
Slow walkers are the vain of my existence. So is auto correct.
mommy brings out the best of me! :) we laugh so hard all day :) and now she's baking yummy treats! :) happiness  :)
in the church van listening to the girls yell at eli in the back.
just realised i haven't eaten my calendar choc today
Nobody has indignantly asked what I 'do' yet
GOOD MORNING EVERYONE I PRAY EVERYONE HAS A BLESSED AND MEANINGFUL DAY...LIVE FOR TODAY WAIT AND BE PATIENT FOR WHAT TOMORROW BRINGS
That amazing moment when you get home and dad's bought Indian Sweets
RockieG5 sky look just like you
trying to figure out who put the miller lite in my fridge..
tayyy_lorrrr that's cute :) haha I keep posting to tayjayz
gonna snuggle in bed with my dog because thats the only thing that loves me.....
i love my life right now. i thought the world should know(:
FilizLovesUSA Hey ma Lovatic :) la c'est obliger tu ma trouver mdrr :) Love Love <3
lizj_dotcom it's the Holiday season... Intense boyfriend hunting for Christmas and New Years lol
Love being with my family
i hate the holidays because EVERYONE tweets and Facebooks the same exact shit but thankful hahaha
if any of my friends saw me listening to music in my room i'd probably wind up friendless.
Finally have my favorite sweatshirt back in my hands sohappy sb2w sweatshirt <3
I MISS MY DEAR FRIEND Gee2Grand
She said merry Christmas can you help the homeless
Watching Clueless on the sofa eating chocolate
Same with kid cudi...music that's just more then music. It's like music I can relate too and actually feel. Lol
Well. On that note.
So in 13 days I will be able to pick up my man!!!!! been 3 years boo... cannot wait ............excited!!
So tomorrow is December? Sad to say goodbyenovember its been a great month! :) but, hellodecember bring on CHRISTMAS!!!! :D
Charlie and the chocolate factory
Should have this blanket done by the end of the week. Almost don't want to give it up.
Vampire lovers are always touching &kissing, this is good 2confirm their affection, physical reassurance works to secure &develop
Rockin' the happy mood at this time!
I wish dis Man could just travel witout Postponing everyday.......
really freakin wish i was at the katy perry concert right about now
good morning my twiggas ( : so glad God woke me & you up to see this beautiful day
damn i only have 3,881 tweets
getting a dvf skirt :DDD yayayay
man i wish i could help mum frustrating :/
Hmmm I think I may be in love :)
I'm starting to think I would be a way better photographer than I am a writer.
While cleaning my apartment I remembered my dream: I bought Huggable Hangers on sale at a closing Linens and Things.
The weather today is perfect!!!
pandora_radio's alternative indie love song station.
life would be so much easier if i just didn't care
never let anyone bring u down they talking mad trash 2 u cuz they need
I keep having wonderful dreams
Why, of course I shall download RealMichelleW's new song!<3 It's an absolute TUNE!
my 20 year old brother is singing the fire man sam theme tune, whilst on the toilet. worried.
I hate how my mom always makes me run ariens for her Annoying !
How no girl at my school excited for GI Joe 2?
Don't say stuff about someone when you don't know if it's true or not.
thatawkwardmoment when you keep singing the radio when you get out of the car and the man walking his dog stops and claps embarrassing.
Yoko_OnoYadig There were so many asses O_O
VincentTJackson jersey for christmas? I think so!
babyjaay123 till my birfdaaaay, aw
johnnyairplus very! When's the ETA of my package?
MissEmmaAppel  I have a story for you, no lie!
bradfordml Ya, lol. I was as well.
So I text happyhourr and I get no reply but I see her on twitter?
ashleyeafisher good on my way for a manicure with my mom
What the HELL was Aswin thinking in the last over?!?! disappointed :(
xxxcrazymimixxx no you don't, you guys just didn't know how to use the oven, smh
The feeling of being hungry and then seeing whats in the caf... No longer hungry -__-
Fuju Steakhouse for sushi and Hibachi and top it off with Sake!!......
National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation
Love The Way Things Are Going Right Now
my sister keeps on reminding me to buy 'garage' mag with MM on the cover
if i ever became a model, I'd be considered plus size
oh dear at my spelling *really apologies for the disgust you may have felt when reading my previous tweet
someone come cuddle with meeeee!
About to get my ears pierced
Counting down the days till Friday when I go and see Coldplay with LizzieGlenners
Such an exciting night!! Technology really is amazing. Im still trying to wrap my head around all this.
missykissy00 just passed me ONCE again without noticing me.
Just left the hospital, I love my Fam
Certain people you know you're better than. The people who are definitely below me are people who get simple words messed up...
I don't wanna see my grades!
THIS IS WHY I NEED A CAR !
No school tommorrow
I should probably clarify... I was looking at westboro church stuff
This girl venting over the turkey
Sometimes I wish it was just me & you in this world....no regrets , just
Where the fuck is my Ayachi book.
My therapist stood me up. Not okay.
My muffin top is all that. Whole-grain, low-fat. I know you wanna piece of that, But I just wanna dance!
Guys who use pick-up lines are really not my type! *talk to the hand*
If a year ago you told me I'd be spiritually stronger then ever before, I wouldnt of believed you
the lost boy is a great book but depressing
jlakely Agreed.  Someone brought up Huntsman to me on that.  Why is HE pandering when not even really running in IA?
LittlecBeadles yayaya really want me to make a gift for a girlfriend's birthday sweater,t-shirt with you:*Love Christmas YesIcan 3
ladygaga if you follow me ill be the happiest monster in the world
therealpsanders almost 16,000 followers already!!!!! proud wowza ;)
I love thanksgiving <3 I'm so thankful for everyone and everything I have.. And the food makes it the best day ever <3
BeRealBlack4Me Hey you, still giving well needed and appreciated knowledge i see ;)
why does everything else seem exciting when you need to write a paper?
Elf is on! I love christmas movies! :)
got a 92 on my essay(:
I'm a sucker for LOVE!!
FIVE DAYS till Thanksgiving BREAK! A whole weeeek off <3
TheRealMzStackS S_U_P_E_R_S_H_O_U_T_O_U_T  to you mama TEAMSNAPBACKS  is giving you one today MUAHHHH
Not long till christmas!
My guy black rob said he taking care of me Sunday that's
FUCK the Spanish go phone commercial I swear it comes on every two seconds.
Saw my daddy tonight :) first time in months!
All in all a good day yesterday! And Merry christmas to my 2 wifeys paolalucktung and MzAdiStar great job ladies!!
Ew just passed the jewelry store... Guys shipping for their girl friends..
My panties came! My panties came!!!!
anniversary, both parents' birthdays, xmas, and new year's eve all in one month overwelming but
i either want it to snow or to go back to summer
I can see road signs saying 'BURY'
I get an e-mail, twitter notification and a text message when someone mentions me on twitter.
Yu kno yu ugly when yu throw the cooch at a nigga & he still ain't fuckin wit you.
Last night in cloud with Brittany_Bogart brookedifulvio jacquevesel and ashlee cec and brittay
The businessman doesn't like the regulation and workers rights that cost him money
Sometimes I think ppl try too piss me off on purpose.!
Woke up early and picked up my boyfriends momma from the doctors and now gonna watch cartoons:)
Lmao this church got up 'sign broken message inside' really now ..  -____-
Finally got my chance. Nice W boys
That's fine, I didn't want to hang out with my friends on my birthday anyway
Fighting a smile when yu two argue cuz he looks so damn good when he's mad . RoughLove .
My teacher wants to get hit!
Who wanna go to the store for me and get me some Jays Hot Stuff Chips..... Oh Right Nobody Cause I DNT HAVE FRIENDS! Lol
Only a week until Christmas and I still haven't watched a single Christmas movie
Pancakes, farmers' market, wine and chuletón. Siesta, tea and comics. Pretty much a perfect Saturday all told.
No chance of a lie in when there is builders outsite!
putting up christmas decorations and lights while listening to christmas songs :D
single and in a relationship are just titles. it's your heart that determines your true relationship status.
LukeBuchholz miss you already!! Sad ComeBack :(
These are the times when I can just Walk someone up n talk til i fall back asleep..miss that!!
I see wht ooomf on everyday doe..
Much respect to GSWoodward for attempting to run Philly_Marathon through bad calf injury. I admire the desire to compete.
MichaelaCarnino hahaha shess not even home):
Not sure why I continue to go to PizzaHut in Dodgeville. They can never get an order right and wait staff is rude.
get a new one tomorrow doe
Kiudee c'est toi qui l'a fait ? !! c'est de la bombe j'aime beaucoup tu met en avant l'art de la danse
First swim meet with Mbacon111
Man I'm out here all alone and no where to run or. Hide
_karlarosales so is anyone else that can use a computer
Last thing.... wen the day comes I'll know wen he will come perfectly for me and vice versa I know I deserve it
the best day “tannarmanu: Today was one of the best days I've had thankful peaceful”
Heard Tom Hanks voice on the tv and thought Toy Story was on but it was just the Polar Express
WaluliStar_1208 dylchamp well.. Enjoy.. :)
Stupid clouds. Now what? Grr... No more LunarEclipse.
Is now a true texan with my new cowboy boots
Not really sure what I am going to do on here. I don't have any followers yet haha
Today already sucks. Yayy.
OMG! Tmr iss maa b-day and im getting a hot piink BlackBerry!
Raefah you're such a sweetheart
goin to bed,
I NEED TO SEE PEOPLE ASAP anxious idkwhythough!
Why do bitches think its acceptable to get in front of you and then drive SLOWER than you were going.
Fist day since the weekend that i just get to go home a chill
Wow.. What a wonderful life I've been blessed with!
The reason I don't text you back is probably because I don't want to talk to you. Get the hint already gosh so clueless and
Thanksgiving at my house isn't like everyone else's thanksgiving but I think I've finally come to realize I'm okay with that!
We don't need anything or anyone. If I lay here, if I just lay here. Would you lie with me and just forget the world?
Have any of you read the book Divergent ? <3
Worst day at college in a while :(
Jon1gabler uhhhhhh... where is my big mac bro.
Hey. What happened to my LookForTurkeyCock campaign :(
_just_Jordan will_da_thrill4 aye_its_quantay awkward we're already dating.........
it needs to snow
Getting the hair did
Damn, i really cant wait for tomorrow!
visiting my baby boy in hospital..... strongest kid i know !
Weirdest dream in a longggg time last night. Second day in a row my alarm hasn't woke me
Jhadfieldx They won't cook properly anymore :((
So much to be grateful for today!
Smh so why is it fire drill 5am. N Im the only black person outside lol
Of course I would be second to last on the program. Now I get to sit here for an hour and freak out instead of enjoying the recital
Hope you doing alright cash. Seems like you can't catch a break bruh.
Checked outta school to school to go shopping.
I wish I knew how to talk to girls
BLACK LET ME DO NETHING 2 HIM
man tomorrow nght finnaa be too right!!!!
cheers for the RTs, mentions, & all around twitter love CISabroad goabroad WildJunket diwyy AllisonMoore86 LIVFund
My name is HANNAH! That's what I want to be called! If u have something else in mind...don't bother to call me at all!
I was stalking Neytiri_TW this morning, she's the best pet ever, she did her patrol of the flat, and then shat where she's meant to.
Getting ready for a spray tan...
DorisMadalyn lol thts wassup thts y I wore it it seems to make ppl
My Mama N' Them Packing Up They Clothes N' Stuff Now .... Sad : (
this is sorry for the last time
We like to sleep all day & party all night, this is how we like to live our lives, I gotta feeling everything is gonna be alright :)
TasnimSayed I AM THE LUCKY ONE bgdd ya3ni kheles el kalam :*
I wish I could repay him the kindness he did me. Please be safe, baby
Scrabble,coffee with tennis biscuits thank you cold storage!
Really wish she'd stop touchin shit & her own business -_-
Why did I just see a lady lock her child in the car and was yellin at him to unlock the door.
One more day of torture and then I am free of fall semester and homeward bound to good ol Sharon. EXCITED helpmemakeit #
My morning has started off fantastic! I hope the day continues the same!
And sometimes one little thing can turn your day around
I want a camaro sooo bad!! I'm looking at one now and she's calling my name!!
Yo I jus had to wild this girl life at school
I need some of that GOOD
One of my old neighbors was working at the restaurant i was eating at and paid for me and my friends meal and said merry Christmas
I hate school, I hate school, I hate school!...did I mention that I hate school?
Looks like I'm watching an Indian movie tonight
lilysbg truly happy you followed me, you won't regret it!
A smart girl knows how to love. A smarter one knows who to love
New managers at work today
New Beat coming on sick, gonna be uploaded soon,
Blessed to see another one
Saturday Spinning at the Manhattan Marriott ...
I'm Really Liking Cali .. Sadly Today Is My Last Day Here :(
Dear asshole whistler,   You've been tweeting the same 3 notes for the past 10 minutes. STOP  Sincerely,
OMG! the counselor from Southern Miss just emailed me! :))
I am not a fan of celebrities *honesty*  but dineoranaka, You are the bom diggidy babes! Uyangrocka and ngikuLava sterek sterek!!
Est passé sur radiocontact et à gagné 4 places de ciné :)
Is everyone shallow nowadays? :-\ I'm just trying to live my life the best way I can. I shouldn't care but I do.
Might be seeing Noah And The Whale's show next year! Excited :D
Happy thanksgiving. I'm fat & lazy today
why does everybody have to die in shakespeare books?
katysleftboob: I haven't been there since June, i know the feeling. :c
Idk how many times I have 2 keep fuckin my sister up 4 touching my shit...like 4 real -__-
hanny_xoxo7 NOT doin that again. certain people never text back though. ew. gwaaaf i  lol'd when your like
Sunday mornings won't be the same anymore! N6CoolFM  on CoolFM969 ....breakfast in bed, let the day begin!
Christmas needs to come a little faster! 25 days until it's here!
Shift from fear to Love ~ Lori Moreno
im always the first one to class on saturdays :P lonely.
KayleeSwifty awwww! There is MuchLove for you too!!!!! <3 i feel so lucky!!!!
I remember last year in religion we got to draw over a whole page and make it represent who we are. I put so much work into that
I got an inside tip f/ Bran526. she saw hmuzny9486 and he was shaking on the putting green. I want the over on 88 blakeRDtrimble
Yeheyyy! :) Im in DJstersOfficial yuhooo! :P
Dear God, I wanna take a minute not to ask for anything from you, but simply to say THANK YOU for all i have
Downloaded the Made In Chelsea theme tune (Midnight City - M83) just so I don't forget the kingsroad while I am away
The commercials on Pandora...
Christmassssssss time is here. :)
Headed to Tulsa with my girls! For cheer competition!!! Let's go girls!!! excited!
I can't get comfy in my damn bed!
ihatewhenmyparents talk about things/people that i don't care anymore.
Whats going on with all these spams?
I'm tired but I refuse to go to bed this early....I'm such a old lady trapped in a 23yr old body!!! Lol
what people do for a glimpse of fame& and money these days.
bmackn32 what up big pimpin?   Break any side mirrors lately?
oomf words never fail
Mr_Tyler67 I'm disappointed in you... without me?
Wtf , Drake only did one song !
Another night in one my one lying down to limit swelling- if they don't say I can drive tomorrow I am going to kill myself
Off to centre parcs for the 4 day weekend!
It's mine,and I kno it mine!!
Getting prepped to join The Atlanta Toastmasters
Omw to the fam crib
Cuddling with Bowser Baby Boy. :)
sammaciag lisemerle B&BW not so cheap if you are ordering! Shipping is $20 unless you spend $100.
KristinBuzzetta thank u babycakes love u more!!!  see u soon too!
When it rains it pours! But in a super awesome way!
yay! i downloaded some new music!! (:
When someone makes a really good tweet/status and then you realize they misspelled like, 3 of the most meaningful words
Not even bothered about christmas - not I don't have college it means I can sleep 24/7
sooo looks like I'll be hounding oasis until I get my perfect schedule...
trying to tidy up in this wind frustrating !!!
Its_ShawnV I have nothin to say disappointed :/
I'm just gonna go kill myself now
There's no end to thee affection that he has for me
i love when your listening to a song & it makes you think of some random memory.
Im getting some wisonsin cheese.
Even Batman doesn't get pass the Hall Monitor
Fingers crossed all goes well with the application then lizbeff_mary and I will have a sexy new flat :)
island road trip lots of fun awaiting us rookie idol StevenFogarty19 said he was in choir couple years back
I hate being told two different things, like damn be real !
Haven't smoked in awhile proud !
I love this day! Nothin mo betta then havin, God, Fam, frds, food an football ;0)! I am truly
Feeling lonely today...but what's new...
Sensitive niggas.. please don't cry
Sorry JeffProbst but I don't think that I can watch the rest of survivor because ozzy got sent off
What if all you had today were the things you thanked God for yesterday?
Like for real, learn how to keep your word
Found out the MRI results today.....
Awkward when you start talking to someone like you know them and they have no idea who you are. Turns out to be a look alike
but s/o too that nap I just took !
At the summit of Mingi Taw we uploaded The Megatome to the eternal safety of the whirling infinite.
thanks for not answerin...
Real_Liam_Payne your voice makes me feel alive.
i hate myself. and thats the reason why i waited all week to start this ia.
hot chocolate, movie, blanket, fuzzy socks, happiness :)
Sweeney Todd at redbank
Spent all night watching both twilights
becisstarryeyed looking forward to tomorrow night, only been a few days but feels like ages!
lesson learned: never try to ice skate...like ever haha
ordered some of my christmas presents
Even though we have our ups nd downs.. He look out for me when NO one else do
Now I know who I take after for asking so many questions SHUT UP GRANDAD! annoying.
Stupid peolpe can't get the hint when you ignore there msg everyday you'll never answer
Yay going shopping again
Sjinnn hahaha heej boyke, moeten nog ns praten man, of is weer alles goed??
trishc721 Awwww. Pudgy fingers and baby dimples.
niall716 is amazing, making me up a hot water bottle before I go to bed!
Lol real shit some black women think just cause their black they deserve some type of respect.. Getting rude and scaring ppl off annoying!!
Ok now back to these racks...
Christmas shopping with pooh
A very cold blue morning
Austin airport... Tiny, polite, friendly, and complete with real austin food. Having thundercloud now.
All i have to say is thank you Lord !
Just watched The Hunger Games official trailer at Breaking Dawn on the BIG SCREEN. mademymonth love <3
Got food on food on food, Happy Thanksgiving to all.
i hate when im drinking out of a water bottle & the bottle like crunches
matneyjason never knew Christmas music was so funny...
What surprises me each time, is how someone who genuinely claims to care about you can say the most cutting, hurtful things upon exit.
EmberH93 just kidding... we'll stay together for the kids sake.
This week I'm going to be cooking for 30 people...
VDayLov damnit u didnt call me to come and help
listening to half the fith floor trip on acid at 2 in the morn
«JusBreeOriginal i hate the fact that these young females have absolutely no respect for themselves. smh sad»
Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead
I hate that my boyfriend has soccer in the middle of the afternoon.
Don't call me if you're just going to be a dick
December= The month you don't hear from your agent. smh lonely haha
Man i can always watch old school cartoons
i love talking to my baby on the phone. he is the sweetest even when he's not near me.
reenajenkins YUP, that would be the one.
When my mum went to get JLSOfficial Jukebox there were 2 left including mine!
Passed both my horses assessments today!
“_PRETTYMIA_ Bitches will do anything for attention .. Sad”
Looked much better when I was at Frankfurt.
That feeling I get when sheena_st calls me and tells me she loves me right when she wakes up
College football just isn't the same today
FUCK autocorrect! You blow phat cock!
Whyyyy does every little thing have to remind me of what I can't have??
I hate when people come in my house and make my dog bark
Man I cant wait I will b gone from work 6 days
Movie saw 2
Getting little hunter in a bit, can't wait to hang out with the little guy and go to the uncc bball game tonight with glaw42 .
How smartly do I need to dress for Senate?!
Just me, my blanket, my Coffee Crisp, my Nerds candies and Entourage season 8
When plans get ruined
If these people don't fix this train, im gonna nut up.
missing my daughter like crazy! 1 month till she's with me for good!
Absolutely bricking it about this exam, which really isn't like me. Lack of revision and no sleep isn't a good start
Wooow I still can't believe they're together
MsSnapBaxk lol shut up an b Thankful lol
About to go to a funeral
I'm really happy that Drake quit acting & went into music FULLTIME!
.i just thought ima have to do my black friday shoppin later lol danm
Eskom what are you doing?? So hate this power outages especially on a Sunday morning
I never had to wait never really came second to none now its lik whenever n if u do have time
My Parents ruined the Santa shit for me when I was a kid. I woke up one night and watched them bring shit in from our car.
I wanna see the breaking dawn premiere .......
Sitting here with my baby dparrott092410.
As soon as the clock hit 11:45, christmas break starts!! :)
Just saw my uncle's kids .. Been 8 years!!! :))))
My Rogers internet is as slooow as molasses in January.
My house smells amazing!!
Today, I didn't get what I wanted, but I got what I needed.
These days the top trending are somewhat ridiculous but it does gives some fun and a good exercise to your brain.
“DWiard11: NicoleOros Still fighting my hangover from last night ha.. Is it super packed??” Drew hungover?
Shaun White gum and weddings
chrisquilala happy birthday! hope you had an awesome day, God bless. <3
its times like this where i need him the most.. this is why whenever there is a problem, i can never go to him to talk it out..
In that mood where you zone out and listen to all depressing songs.
The Sunday feeling that you have school tomorrow
Skittle sours are not sour
Had an appointment today with a real special  friend but because of unfortunate Control I didn't make it ..word of the day
after the clashes stopped for a while the protesters are cleaning mohamed mahmoud street.. OMG! chapeau guys
bbc3tv why is Family Guy and American Dad always the same episodes repeated?
Can't believe Jeffrey_VG JoeyWilliamson and I are waking up at 4 tomorrow morning to hunt and C_Kluge isn't coming!
Tracking my Litas they are in the UK people.
Finally reading Dead in the Family omfg after 2 years ASHDAH *O*
GM, hope everyone enjoy there day!
I haven't been home so my sister has been keeping me updated on my advent calendar by eating my chocolate flavored candies.
i love when a group of people has to say something because no one can come up to me by themselves...
Woah! Late night painting and woke up to a gazillion texts, emails, calls, and rad tweets. See the mess you made danawhite
First Gautrain experience with little_kitchen
slackerninja Which Pakistan players would we both pick? SuperTalent. Hurt.
Brittany_MG since it seems that she probably doesnt have a sense of fashion she obviously doesnt understand the rules that follow
Happy Thanksgiving everybody!'nI'm so Thankful to have wonderful ppl in my life!!...
I needa go to bed. My head is killing me
My Mom's coworker just gift me a bunch of cook books and candy sprinkles
82889 know that you are not alone!
Hoping to find out gender of baby on Wednesday!
LAST Day for the FREE, customizable Thanksgiving erotica story you can e-mail to your sweetie! HoochyMail.com
ABelles2 beat me in WWF
why is that you always run out of something when you really need it?
Wish I could retweet oomf tweet. Too bad my back is flat.
My husband just vaccinated and microchipped a young cat all by himself.
So content with life
The way I kept on coughing today in my English Controlled assessment, sounded infected and shit > <
getting in trouble for using my crutches a total of like 6 hours this whole weekend
I'll be writing sumthing and thinking of sumthing else and write that shit down -- smh embarrassing !!!!! Haha
On my way to Fort Worth to visit my amazing sister and her fiancé for Thanksgiving!
I have parents that love me:)
i need a miracLe to paSs =( depressed !
I am refusing to get out of my bed this early.
I guess it just you and me again tonight pillow
I seriously cannot use public bathrooms. Unless I'm about to piss myself, I will not eeever go to the bathroom in one
Tonight is the night! My parents are out of town. They don't give a fuck but no ones doing shit
Thanksgiving dinner at the grandma's. :)
Virosleuth I'm pretty sure I'm going. We're scheduled to be at 3 holiday parties that week!
- BIG UP YOURSELF IF YOU HAVE VOTED FOR ME
i lost my wallet thing with my permit in it, maybe i had thrown it away? Nope. I only found out how quick my gag reflex works
And I hope people would be smart enough to realize that some things are really none of their business.
Anyone for takeaway? have money, will travel.
today's gonna be sooooo gay!
Never gonna by a computer again. I'm gonna live in a cave with no internet, phones, computer or nothing!!
Je suis entourée de mes petits cousins :D
Damn Everytime I Look Around Gucci Be Having A Welcome Home Party...Sad!
But truth be told i don't many!
You make me smile. happy (:
I sometimes wish my 71 year old, Portuguese Grandma had a twitter. She would crack me up.
If you ask my best friend I talk about you ALOT!!!!
Vacay in a few days.
My momma getting her first house in 11 days. She came a long way.
I don't like Dennys or Applebees
5:40, and I haven't slept at all
At the end of cast away when wilson drifts oFf :(
So tired and the breaks finally here!
give me some fucking clarification.
Just watched the video from the game I fell at....hilarious. embarrassing.
A tear in her dress and a tear in her eye, and just like that her whole life flashed by.
Only 6 & half hrs left at work before my weekend begins
I don't for the life of me understands why  random people tell me to follow them and aint even following me! Smh
jamolloy_3 welp I.tried to sleep but that didnt work for me
Can't stop coughing!
I was really expecting to see more people at Legends.
5 sugar cubes in half a cup of coffee.. and it still tastes like sh*t, now i remember why i don't drink coffee
All I ever wanna do is sleep now a days. Helps me forget reality, even for the meanwhile.
Talking for an hour in the phone to Jack about absolutely nothing
Sometimes I wonder how I'm still alive
Finish washing my hair
Just got excited about being legal in a year and two weeks, then realized that I'm turning 17, not 18...
Gonna make today a good day :)
Trying to make a podcast.
179. Not wearing a tampon because you think your period is over, but then it's not.
Watching a countless number of christmass movies
Just watched new Thundercats. Now performing CPR on my childhood... disappointment.
So who is putting together the ciq class action suit, and where do I sign up?
I love Alee Doneson so much.(:<3
people really been speaking highly bout this Drake cd its nice don't get me wrong but too much of the so called singing he do
Amanda Byrnes mooooovie day/ phat chat day/ major junk food girl day with holly with a y bliss!
i wouldnt be suprised if oomf fucked 20 niggaz this year
Net terug van nunoweijers z'n huis met jenaaax LOVE!
Out here in cypress at moms mansion
My day has been great.... He always makes me smile.
Tonight, we are young. So let's set the world on fire. We can burn brighter than the sun. love OurNameIsFun
Classes are finished for the day packing to go home for thanksgiving first time home with the family in 8 years!
sleepover with glassestsui a_wonton MAANDARAWR & yoffaes tomorrow! excited! :D
Why is my phone so stupid..
emptyphoto jennyjujubee wow manny.....careful or else you get her famous
Third thing i'm thankful for, food.
about to clean the car, go to the gym , and get ready girlsnight! excited!
Got called back to try out for JV! pumped nervous!
hopfully switching to at&t and treating myself with a iphone 4 for christmas soon.
i miss my babe more than anything right now!
If your constantly looking for drama juststop your an
Why can I never find a well-dressed guy? Do none of them take pride in their appearance?
rotiejonnnnn Oh haha!:D yep yep! Its tht one! :D u going for DG this sat? :3 OH GOSH U R NOT IN MAH DG ANYMOREEE:'(
Choir tonight !! Candle light service! excited NotANerd (:
Almost at 5 thousand
When i watch the news sometimes i cant believe the shit that goes on
You have to believe in love to be it. -Jason Reeves
Christmas's are tough in a broken family
An hour till show time! Rockwood 2, 9pm
“FreshQuince_ “JessiDaSweetie smh niggas be sacrificing they relationships for a quick nut sad””
“iddybiddie23: One of my biggest pet peeves? My sock coming off when I'm walking in my boots! annoyed”
My brother bought me pizza and mozzarella sticks...
All Yuvsingh09 must check out for hindustan time article on Yuvraj Singh! Yuvi just gave mindblowing answers :D
Today I am Thankful that my past does not define my future Micah 7:8 krshrt23
A lady at work lost her man in a car accident. A youngish family. It seems surreal that they are now cherishing only memories.
channingtatum or if you want to follow me, I dub be
stu4eva_blue it's a pain to try get the right amount of pasta I couldn't manage it all
In one tweet she killed everyone lol
1D in concert on friday! YAYAY! so excited waited over a year for this moment!
Drake shall be seeing you in Dublin! ;)
I love my friends :) Y'all are the best.
READY FOR MY HAIR APPOINTMENT!!!!! Excited (:
The kids are half my age and are amazing cooks! Here's me thinking I could cook with my cheese on toast, pasta and cheesy mash
just had a lovely phone date with ericaharder Christmas better come soon! I can't stay away from my bff much longer!
Sometimes people ask me why a I am interested in the US where it started. It started with music. The music which kept me alive
WISHLIST: Nicholas Sparks book except Dear john. Clothing (pref. GAP, Lacoste, Guess) If you can't buy any, it's ok. hahaha =))
Night chaps... Going to see TheNoelSullivan in wewillrockyou at Edinburgh playhouse tomorrow/today....
CeesRenzitti wow your slacking. Don't get me my boots or my headphones or jeans.
I hate when plans change.
Evrytime I mention someone the egg comes back to fucking bother me
I wish I brought my book home from school
FLORENCE TICKETS ARE MINE!!!
Can't even believe the weather this weekend
Morning Twitter, thanking God for waking me, my princess and family up to see another day.
Can you like get out of my head
Ahhhhh! Its over BIG PUN goin straight Bacon out my ipod
I lied .. Not leaving. Just not speaking to anybody   ..
tomorrows fridayyyyy biotchessss <3
Black cements coming out in a week
nowplaying in the fishbone's bathroom
after watching 5 episodes of two and half men season 9 i just want to say is there anyway charliesheen could return?
Thank youu for all them sweet comments onelove love xx
made up my mind finally, getting my nose pierced :')
When people wear just one brand of clothing ALL THE FUCKING TIME
np Shake Up Christmas by Train
I can't wait to sleep in my own bed tonight :)
Would love some money. Too bad work keeps canceling me.
Math will be the death of me
MartinMcAuley Wait, my clock is still one hour ahead. I will continue working and wait patiently :P
Watching the Grinch!
Finding pieces of the ice sculpture all around campus
There is a broad in the library watching Nickelback music videos on YouTube...without headphones.
I cant find my kavu..... :(
Some niggas don't be deserving the girls they got they really don't be appreciating them smh
In you Jesus there is life everlasting and freedom for my soul.
Im tired of every christmas song already .All I want for christmas is these songs too stop >.<
I think the Butterfinger Snackerz aren't as butterfinger-y as an actual butterfinger.
I've been waiting since August to see Fright Night with Colin Farrell. Its an understatement to say I'm excited.
Damn. If only georgiabulldogs would of done as good in the 2nd half. Disappointed.
drinnonjosh1 im sorry my nose isnt good enough for you.
PrimeExclusiv tel me 'bout it!
Today in Wally world; working the night shift by myself, EVERYONE called in today except for one other person earlier. tired and
LOL Linsey Lohan completed her first stage of community service
Why does capital I and lower case l have to look so similar
we all want to be sombodys one and only,we all want to be worm when its cold,we all want the same thing;we all want
Tatiana0311 mdrrrr c secret alor Okey
Watching MollyC10 and ericmhilt on MUTV.
Doesnt matter how hard I try, my hunger for you isn't a lie.
Han_be_tweetin thank you for tirelessly ensuring we will not be homeless when we move back, you are the best {future} roomie
ooooh done my christmas list! excited!
Sloppy Joe's for dinner!? I'm excited!
I am demoing my wp7 app 2moro in class! excited!
Loving the elders of the church right now thank you for the cards love y'all!!!
i hate it when i get on twitter and someone unfollowed me cause i didnt follow them back
Mom hurt her knee :(   worried.
PhilForte10 is a knee toucher.... He talking back an shit
Got my Christmas stuff from grandparents
My mama leaving me for 7 days ughh
i hate how when you stretch your ears they get really itchy... atleast mine do -____- annoying .
A person's a person no matter how small.
Oh dear remember things from the party at the weekend
Jedward you two remind me of B1 and B2 of bananas in pyjamas
sisters singing Justin Bieber songs in a retarded way :(
i hate when KathleenPayzant and savannahsylva sreem when they talk
i HATE Wells Fargo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I want WACHOVIA BACKKKKK !!!!!!!
Taboo with the girls.  Great way to start Christmas break!! Now time for Christmas shopping!!
Back in jersey and I go home to an empty house
Driving on the highway for the first time
Once your mind is completely focused and transfixed on a goal, the universe really does help you achieve your goals.
I hate getting bits of popcorn stuck inbetween my teeth
ThatAwkwardMoment when your fork misses your mouth..multiple times in a row.
Had a lovely lunch in the cutest Italian café with Christina and spent far too much money in the vintage shop across the road.
I guess I have a soccer game tomorrow, going to play in the rain! Woo
Its only 9 and im ready for bed
wtf the Jets keep scoring:o
Dad is coming down today with the little booger I call my brother!(:
ugh I really hate deaths so how do I b there for him n da death of his brother??
And for the record, I've tried, like, 3 Small tees and theyre a little big for me. This means I'm back being XtraSmall.
Hate when people talk to me like I'm a fucking idiot or something
ADD another follower to that! lol.. S/O to all my followers much
Paris_Phararoe was to one off the hottest in ATL!!!!
It's sad how my ex bf can txt me and you can't.
Oomf funny as fuck!!! He had me dying when i first met him...and still be having me crackinn up!!
Wow school really sucks
£28 until the 23rd and £20 is going on driving tomorrow... fuck me im fucked! Christmas shopping on Christmas eve it is again!
kelssashea I can't even explain how crazy it's going to be haha
The sun seems to be extra bright this am.
fucking hate little kids..please go home
This will be the 1st year im getting alot of presents since i was a kidd. I usually just get money
don't text me with lol or ok or one word at all expecting me to respond, because i wont
“YeahImSingle_KF I will be graduating with 54 credits ! proud”
HarryPotter makes me fill with joy! ^.^
omw to hockey ft fleeur_
Not wanting to sleep, scared to find tomorrow turning out like today did.
Your hash tags are too long
Chel_Bellz really? u gon do ur auntie like that?
Damng the teacher jus put me on da spot.. i couldnt even answer the question
Mom stfu your dumb.
My parents are behind me 100% in whteva i decide to do. .
the only reason I came to class was because I though my professor would have my test back.. Funny joke.
MisterCbooz ...back at cha Booz! Can't wait to see ya'll play tonight!!
So ready for tonight!
2.5 years is way too long for metal squares to be on my teeth
My Ex is a Cheater && Still is a Cheater
fosterthepeople fun new video DontStop (ColorOntheWalls) up & running on VH-1!
Markgatiss arrrgghhhh it seems most of the celebs I like and follow watch Xfactor
Kaymee Tyvm, knowing we have support is a powerful motivator.
TeamJesus family will always have special place in my heart!
- looking forward to tomorrow :) excitement happycloe <3
DAJ_says taiba381 FF back to you  
Shook my ass on the dance floor, broke in a new pair of heels, got a cute new do’, made some friends
mysublimemind retweeted this shit out of that... matthews would only be moderately disappointed with the person i've become
Octob3rsVeryOwn lol Smh yu think yu know me.!
Everyone needs to STOP tweeting about studying and/or exams.
I finally passed a geometry quiz :D proud :)
Quiet.....not forgotten. Something's happening and I'm just practicing staying in position.
i'm so tired of people not meaning what they say.
Wahhhh I'm not gonna be a teenager in T minus 3 days! :(
Good morning sweethearts!! Thanking God for another day & another chance!! Woke up to new possibilities, mercies, & blessings!!
enystrom23 I miss that Colorado air!
I hate when people try to tell me what to do.
Trashiest thing ever? When a girl talks about watching porn!
being a second choice isnt an option.
Tried as fuck, tryin to watch a movie and cuddle but there is a missing piece
I Think Dougie Fresh Has Down Syndrome!!!!!!!!
LIVERPOOL, YOU BEAUTY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
OMFG Breakout Kings new season in March!!
Anybody else having an issue with espn fantasy?!
I seriously hate when people text me and when i say who is this they never write back.
So excited for the December month!!! My birthday my bestfriends birthday and newyearseve!!!!!!!! &school hols top it off!
This is Justin Bieber now and Home For Christmas:.Michael Buble next week!
Battering fucking head. If there is no Christmas temps in tomorrow I'll cry.
::beinq up all niqht bc yu didn't hear yur love's voice b4 qoin tu bed
would do pretty much anything to travel back in time a couple years
C_StylezSB I'm not talking to u what's up wit the new avi?
How the fuck does a giant kill me in one hit.
Thanks but I know what blowing someone off looks like.
I hate when I lose the remote on my bed -_-
All dressed up wearing high heals.... I'm going to like break an ankle
Toppers is not open yet FYI Danielle and I just called to place an order
Ahh to have a working computer again
Ok I'm outtie... be blessed people
i wanna see breaking dawn everyone i know is gone or going this sucks
Those super sweet conversations with my amazing boyfriend, D_Fleur40 
I hate people who are super self concious.
lex_gg97 Oh my gosh totally!! What are we gonna freakk out on?
About to be on smash mood, in about 20 minutes
Sitting in a meeting as a lower back pain presentation is going on...
nvm about the photo thing lol
Around about this time last week Bethan_Hannah ..we literally had the most honest heart-to-heart ever.
Gym then love united cant wait for 6:00
Gibs707 might be a serious onsie but what's with the pose?!?!
Wishes i'd do what my head is telling me to........ annoyed...
virgina tech shootings again..wow.
U know..Nothing puts me 2 sleep like the sound of the guy in the suite next to mine, hackin up his lungs after a bong hoot
jen_clements I just realized what your profile picture is on here!
I tol niggas in the club I had a bf n turned down the drinks :/ hurt lol
got into stlcop and butlers pharmacy program!!
Tired Af , today was a success
The running around I did today n this rain n cold weather!!! All I want to do is Eat&Sleep
sirlotan imagine I don't have a holiday
Your so sweet wich is why i'm like tottaly falling in love with your ceramic chicken! TheAlliSimpson CodySimpson
workkkkk..it's so hard when you love someone and they lie and tell you they love you too, then you really end up
Pinche trafico de popo!!!!!
Take me down like I'm a domino.
Cockroach up your nose!
nataliekokonis have u seen her sing this in the live video? SHE is even teary!
Wish i had that perfect boyfriend right now.
siicckk. NEEDD TO GET BETTER BEFORE THE PARTY. worried.
this new twitter update doesn't load my tweets or followers correctly.
can't wait till BreakingDawn on saturday with Davidsmains. excited!
2 morrow is goin 2 be a good day 4 me
Studying for this Human Sexuality final is distracting me...I really don't feel like reading about sex....sex....and more sex
Some people were created to draw, or dance, or sing. ...   I was NOT created to write minutes.
I inspire naughty behavior
- Only 2 more years until I get my permit.. How wonderful excited :)
you had your chance and you didn't take it, don't try to take it back now
i miss michelle way too much
I'm glad RachelErin123 is tweeting!
TF did my sistah change my shit I'm not gettin my mentions
Wow way to give up the national championship to a nobody Oklahoma state
Cool fb is spazzing out what else is new
Tired man! Workin til the wee early hours then off to the gym :)  65 days til flordia excited :)
On my way home..
I'm happy to be with him
austinsmith84 hahaha, don't be an ass! you're the one who presses tons of buttons on the phone
k8lyn_elizabeth if we didn't have Lovin-Griffith tradition, I would be having the exact same problem Icancountmyfriendsononehand sad haha
Babycakes_nesha u got mo followers den me and i done had a twitter fa bout 2 yrs....
My kid gone for the nite...happy lol
Don't ask me about my mom. EVER.
mrdanfogler manup is in hulus top shows... Wtf. Abc needs to count hulu in their ratings if they want to have any good shows
out0fsight I could come out of here with brown hair, depending on what my hairdresser says.
MeganMcleod_x you started bein nasty
i've hidden so many people from my facebook news feed. annoying.
My mother is being sucha butthead.
Danq I wanna change my name but my damn password thing aint woeking
justinbieber you're incredible:) I will always be there for you! Thank you for all the love to us:) can't wait for Believe:) PROUD <3 13
Stomach is killing me! :|
ginarees is incapable of following instructions of how to get on a bus to mine.
I ain't never had grades like these before...DISAPPOINTED!!
Yum, i smell like you. I love the way you smell.
day off work at last
jschwartzlions You need to start controlling your players, coach. Enough with these stupid penalties. Could've won this one.
Cant wait for my eleventyrock cd to be put in the mail :)
I Wish She Was Here
My mom won't stop singing Christmas songs.
I love working at Banana Republic!
I wonder what time it is???? Duh??? Look at my time line!!! Wait.....my time line doesn't say the time!! Frustrated!!!
Why is it I think of things I should have done in the game after the game is over?
My First Christmas Meal of the Year Tonight ChristmasSoon! Excited!!
danhardymma danhendo Who you fancy for this main event? danhendo or ShogunRua ?
I don't want to fail history, but apparently I'm asking for it.
Nothing but issues and problems trying to set up my parents wireless network!
Facebook is now a Porn site !
I love waking up happy every morning and having something to look forward too.
At least I don't see shit on twitter
When that person hasn't texted back the whole day:/
Why do you take forever to text me back when I want to know now!!!!
t-minus eight days until AlexShobe's welcome home day/night of shenanigans occurs excitement!
Some people are soooo selfish.
got an A in my english exam
Walking around in my santa hat
ready to find out my results after all of my test
Going home for the first time today since August <3
i've been slacking on my tweeeeetssss
MBaer17 at the bar, no sound
Short day at work & a 4 day weekend!
So Starbucks has ice cream, why not any Pumpkin Spice ice cream?
Elyssaclaire every worse being there
Is everyone on this bus sick? Please don't cough on me .
I really don't like lil Wayne his voice erks my asswhole
Someone broke out the weed
Your attitude disgusts me..
Why does twitter keep messing up?
i can always count on alock27 to correct my spelling <3..
Monday's suck. Good thing it's only a 3 day week!!!
MattyBoutet ugh i keep trying! but i feel like i should be watching halloweeen movies!!! :(
Bitches screwed in the lights outside while I was gone. ugh They'll be unscrewed again tomorrow.
i hate when your boss' son calls you out and you're speechless
after a while, the sweet girl gets sick of being stomped on
MartiMalnatti Holaaaaaa!!! Te mande mail... MISS U !!!
justinbieber I'm jammin to DRUMMERBOY right now! And so are my grandparents... Lol Love 3
Make a list ! New years should be fun this year  
Battlefield Im just wondering. Is the crash problems being worked on? Any official statements about the problem?
Thank God for this day and everything that it brings...
Glad to see CSC working group is hell bent on defending status quo instead of moving forward.
That awkward moment when all the parents think you scored and it hit the side netting lmao
I'm so stoked and thankful that my drive to work this morning was only 5 minutes.
Windows machines are crap. That is all.
WelshToy Albeit, they did also tell a group of school children that David Cameron went to Eton so doesn't care about poor people
Just had the loudest, most disgusting coughing attack of my life.
15 dollar parking ticket
lorenlovett I can't decide if that's a good exclamation or not
Something lil can mean allot to u,be thankful you're able
I got a D in my accounting class. That's a waste of $500 that I'll have to pay again next semester. Pissed is an understatement.
Has finished worked for the holidays!!!
Okay we're done for tonight*-* !
justinbieber Hope you have fun. Can't wait to watch it (:
Word for the day… Defenestration - the act of throwing someone or something out of a window
Restore unto me the joy of your salvation; and uphold me with your free spirit.
Been awake since 5 because I'm so excited about today... tired but excited!!!!!!
Finals this week. Whose gonna fail?!? This girl.
thatakwardmoment when someone passes out during the moment of silence
Today we will know if we can let build the house we want...
Don't text me and then not respond.
I will be n miami 2morrow can't wait 2 see my son n chill with the fam
CREATIVUradio lesbian all day! Proud of it too!
ShaylinCastillo Kid_Dela SashaaStrikerrr tangledupinjen its 4 in the morning and i have no one to talk to,Thank you sarcasm :p
I'm dreaming more than I do
It's just one of those days
SmitaKalokhe No elves? Smita, you can't just drop that on us without warning!
Well, there goes that.
no, I don't want to follow you. particularly if you tell me to do so.
cannot wait for Friday! will be back in the 201
lilDems No I spelled it like I said it!!! College is ruining your sense of humor.
Praying that my teacher is gonna say we don't have class tomorrow! I would be so
work has christmas decorations up.
Hate when you go into a room to grab something then when you get there and you forget what you wanted
; what if i'm alone for christmas & new years. worrying.
Ughhhhhhh im jus so over today!! Forreal!!
GianMartane me too girl! and did you say its the final season?
Chillin at the hair salon
Not going to play Xbox live for awhile, my Internet started to suck this week for no reason and it never stops sucking
Mr.D preview :D
“whatthe_kell: I'm friends with Biz Markie on Facebook... justafriend” your a loser!
Aint been gym in two weeks...fml (N)
That second episode of 24/7 was the best one yet, but was anyone else rattled they didnt show zacrinaldo beat up Horton?
“Kristy_Starling: I'm thankful for friends who don't TAKE more than they GIVE to our friendship!!”  Grace_and_Co: this is us!!
maddiejanew Double Rhema Date! excited! :D
YAY going to finally get my braces off today :D So
5 minutes till I see Tigger!
FoothillsSoccer perhaps you want to post some pictures of the progress?
FINALLY got FOXSoccer channel!!! Yes!!! No more having to surf through shit Internet feeds to find the games I want to watch.
Minnisota can go die in a hole
CoastToCoast  SEATTLE WASHINGTON.(: CodySimpson  Lo.(: happy 11/11/11!!
life's good
theawkmoment when you're kicked out of your own house for the night... plz mom just give me a curfew
is upset rebeccanichole_  taught me how to calculate my gpa.  disappointing :(
Getting my research paper back today...
viewing a house tonight!
Jonny_OMara 6-4 7-5 - not one of the Muzzanator's best days, I'm afraid. :-(
“JUICE_MONSTA “BEEyond_Real thankGOD for letting me see another day, he didnt have to do it, but he did.. thankful””
Oh, tomorrow will be a busy day! Get gas, go take Macomb placement test, pick up my sister, apply at wendy's for night shifts.
austinharper5 iamsko oh my! I'm being agreed with!!
i hate seeing what youre getting for christmas but not being able to wear it yet
NattyyBebe Ain't that the damn truth!
I have to say my ultimate celebrity love has to be David_Boreanaz
I just had to throw out a twix but only because other people saw me drop it on the floor.  :(
i dnt like 2 have SEX ...... i rlly lov 2 make
shelblayne17 really? You would say that
Kayley_Hotstuff at least i got included<3
thatawkwardmomentwhen you try to get into another persons car because you're so tired you think it's yours.
Next time you sense the wagging finger of your judgment, imagine a plausible, forgivable reason for the offense.
Isso ai vai pro tie break... e ai ja viu né?
Can't wait till i get my bellybutton pierced
Game tonight at New Hampton!
My phone is so fuckin slow!
Shit happens you MOVE ON.
Wow Brady the only way you get a tweet is by stealing my phone and tweeting yourself? desperation :P
Packing for the sea
annualtoydrive done. Thank you to Williams_Hunt & stucaldwell for sponsoring the car and ThomasFalkiner for playing driver.
Been waiting ALL day for the glass-man, now he rings to say he'll be here first thing tomorrow...Cheers LazyArse, ruin my one lie-in!
Teen club in galloway ?
To the jerk blocking an entire lane of traffic in front of me: I promise the parking space isn't worth it.
Some people just need to act there age!
am tired of pretoria nw, i jst wana go bck home, Jozi maboneng
Dad has replaced me with his new daughter, iPad.
this is probably one of the worst panch burritos i have had.
So I've been thinking of up sizing my makeup box.. its only 3x8 I think a 5x10 bag would work better.
Happy thanksgiving to my twitter fam, be thankful for the things and people around you
StupidHoe by NICKIMINAJ is awesome, can't wait for the album!!!(:
Nothing is ever enough for this woman
Black Friday ...cant wait excited!!
Please keep my friend Ashlee in your prayers today as she undergoes surgery to get cancer removed. Life is precious. Don't waste it!
Loving people unconditionally is a very big challenge, but God commands us to! He enables us to do what He has called us to do.
Mi hermana me va a conseguir entradas para el estreno de Breaking Dawn :D.
Listening to music, cleaning my room, & ignoring the world. Sounds goood to me!!
And she kno it
Last year's Model UN when I thought DR Congo was a douche for signing doctor, when really he meant dem. republic...
why you gotta talk loud as shit on the bus ?
John tucker must die yessss
aybercinahmedii iyi oldu..haha he realized i was an old lady
KB_PreppyPalm omg yesss. I've been craving it all weekend
justinbieber i am so in love with UnderTheMistletoe best album yet
Fuck you for shutting me out when I'm just trying to be a friend.
Mahhhh I just need somebody to love....
1.5 hours from home!! Needed a restroom break!!
Ya solo semana y media más!
I hate it whenever Pinterest won't work..
Gotta love having to study for the worst unit at uni ever. AGAIN….sigh.
It's girls like you who make guys think they can treat us like objects.
It's a shitty feeling when you wake up thinking its Friday but it's actually thursday...
Man I tell u ppl these days...u let a female change yo whole attitude..and make u green to yo homeboys...shit she a hoe anyways
Sitting alone.... With a cripple....
missnatalienunn and floBGC cool again that's what's hate seeing my 2 fav bad bitches hating eachother!!
Heading home. To my house. In Provo.
finally getting my dress altered today after it being pushed back like 5 times
Just when the NBA makes me think I wont have to watch basketball this year... College bball pops up everywhere
Wish last night could've lasted forever. Ahhhh so thankful :D
Encore! Ready to see my Musical family again!
Getting in the Christmas mood while preparing a new post. LOVE michaelbuble's Christmas CD.
Finally made up my mind about were Im going next year and wut Im gone be.(:  happy.
No me lo esperaba
Got woken up by bf snoring sooooo loud!! Now can't sleep
I'm convinced that my mom is super woman. She does it all.
Another Day = Another Blessing....
WHY would you come out of the house to get on a bus full of people when you're dying of cold and can't stop coughing?
S/O to my dad on Veterans Day for serving in three wars and assistance with rebuilding a nation
I wish certain people would stay out of my dreams.
calling for the ball and squeaking...
What a morning at work, but yet
no longer bray's favorite sister. this will blow over.
zackdedura I can't wait either!
it's so cold in my house, dreading going outside
At a show for Trombone Shorty and Orleans avenue here in nyc and its packed! Love that my New Orleann fam is comin up!
Constantly playing Someone Like You over and over.
soduffs made bars instead of actual cookies.
Erasing his name in all my notebooks
either catching a cold or i really do have allergies in the winter
Seeking out for a undefeated season! one more meet left. nervous!
DT_Assassin_ BubMagez Champ_Chambers @ Yo DT Gina farts in the shower and it smells like baby shit!!!
Fuck. I love this day! HAPPY :D
Score! 5 vanilla pods for $10 from Sat farmersmarket in Manly, Bris. Now buy vodka. Vanilla vodka by Xmas for choc-vanilla martinis.
I think Cupid skipped me..im tired of being single..
Some people just don't know when to SHUT THE FUK UP!!!
just about ready to delete this twitter thing...i don't get it. annoyed.
Just finished packing, had a shower off to 8 hour sleep then up dressed get this essay handed in and off home to christmas I go!
McDreemy My doctor called and said next Wednesday not tmrw. Let's hope I don't lose my mind until then.
This is about to be the greatest 2 weeks
Shits bad everywhere it fucking sucks
I Passed That Test Though And I'm Not Talkin Bout A D I'm Talkin Bout A 90%
First day of work today
Wit anything I say she always got to try n correct me or sum other wise
This iPhone is my new obsession
Aah, to think of all the lie-in's I can have from now on..
so much energy and no clue where to put it
kristinstearns7 jimeny cricket! what do ya gotta tell me?
People need to think before they speak and act. How am I a part of such a cruel generation??
KayyTee_014: So me and ArneshiaBee_014 going to visit ItCouldBeAnt for Christmas! Excited (
K ben al best ver met sector werkstuk!
Anyone wanna come cuddle?
Hw, then cheer, then hairr.(:
Thanking God For Waking Me And My Love Ones Up.... Thankful!!! =)
Clothes show tomorrow!!! Can't wait =) excited x
I think talk that talk will arrive tomorrow
MissAmyChilds  omg, i didnt know you were good at french! im currently taking  it in my GCSE:-( nervous x x x x x
PrettyEyes_Kira  Thanks Alot Ali. Love lol
AND my charger isnt working irritated .
RRRRRHHHHHGG. lisa won antm. lisa is fake, and dumb. why did she win?
Final cuts are bein made todayyy!
Watching your child play with a box? priceless. No
Grandma comes home today! Its a good day
Ollie_Mitchell do you 'know' how to spell.
I just lost my glasses cuz I was dancing too hard core to beyonce..
Can't wait to get outta this town for 6days... Friday please hurry!!!
I've been having a strong feeling that 2012 is going to out due 2011.
Its so nice to be able to chill and hang out with a friend.
Out here in the woods enjoying God's wonderful creations. Doesn't get any better than this
HUGO - excellent film my friends. Four thumbs up from me and Kayla Joy. Now to dinner with my favorite ten year old.
I just realized how much better my life got when I got my license
Never tell your partner your leaving them for someone else. That shit hurts. Try to make it seem like its you. It'll be easier for both
Didnt enjoy drakes performance at all -___-
Why the hell did you have to look right at me while I was looking at you :(
I'm all alone.. Eating alone... In Pollo Loco.. This is NOT a good feeling..
Spent a good 60+ euros on my Reddit Secret Santa :) now for mine to arrive!
Exactly one month till christmas!
you can never tell who your true friends are anymore.
It's not the same watching   Xmas  shows alone
Why don't people get that you can't suffocate them to make you like them!
how do i manage to hiccup this freakin much
my daddy got a baby doggie!
MY PS3 ISN'T READING ANY DISCS!!!
Feeling awful. I don't need to be sick before a big swim meet... Fuckkk
this Nickelback is taking far too long to download.
Two young Girls found dead in the Trunk Of A 300 In Detroit
No even excited for my birthday
JuBiebsShawty I want for guitar lessons and I did my frist song today!! I'm soooo happy! :D he said that I'm really good too! proud :')
Finally got my new phone!! :-)
5 freaking more days
I think i just caught an attitude...someone text me...
Thankful to have great support and loving people in my life!
&i hope tomorrow is a great day :]
asotloveparade Good Morning love.. Have a funtastic week ahead..
Maybe I should just move on..
hmm, I want to know whats really going.on..
Ugh heading to work and the rain just keeps teasing us all. Its not heavy at all its constantly drizzling
ThingsThatShouldSTOP Ridiculous age limits for certain things!
First time ever I did all my math subwork :')
Well an hour has gone by and we have nothing to show for it. Awesome.
Certain peoples laugh that make you laugh, just because their laughing
It's PhilippineS not Philippine..
Nav_Beauty blimey that was good, yes the fees are a nightmare, you can really lose out. I seem to lose out on p&p big time.
Settled for curry instead.
EVERYBODY thinks about starting over. EVERYBODY wants SOMEBODY to hold whatever they have left to hold. EVERYBODY knows how to
Want it to be the morning so ican go be social !
Ariana Grande Put Your Hearts Up
I guess I'm gunna keep my brother..on the bright side he's graduating from the police academy today!
ThingsYouShouldNeverTry Sultanessa's Pesto (n) I can still taste the garlic in my mouth ;/
I wish you would trust mee.
You've got to be kidding me.... lmao
Today has FLOWN by. Tomorrow = last day before holiday!
ItsAlexaChance they are very lucky cause at follow back by you, I'm so jealous cause you not follow me back. DEPRESSING 7
Now coming back from a Christmas singing show, now going to be ruined by my boyfriend going to his friends :(
SabresDotCom lets hope whoever starts the flag doesn't pass it upside down or sideways like the last two home games.
Had a lovly sunday with my fam...love you guys !!!
hayhayshanaynay they didnt announce it on tv but it's online!:) :) :) BORN TO BE SOMEBODY !:)
Twilight with my very own Jacob ;)
Holy titss. When are you gonna realize that i dont want to talk to youuu!?
Just got surprised w/ CALI CHRISTMAS tix!!!!! Ahhhhhhhhh
Got 2 hrs of sleep...now goin out on the boat.
ZarirKarbhari BJP is under-prepared...Cong dont want it...no other option for us...
Headed to ctkbc for Thanksgiving service
YAY :D 10 followers 'til 1,4k ! LOVEUALL &
The good thing is that it takes only 3.5 hours for us to go there
bmorrison3 hell yeah im ready! It's gonna be awesome!
it looks so much better
Walk Block: When walking behind slow people and there's no room to get around them
Been avoiding him all day
When a guy doesn't get that you don't like him
It was so hard to see my grandma in the hospital today but I put a smile on her face and that always makes my day.
I don't work on Thanksgiving!
got my cements on black friday
Last day at the beach
Can't wait too see xhayleymarie face when she sees what I've brought her!
Fell asleep today and I did not get drunk today
Listening to songs that you sang....makes me wish things were still the same.
Barcelona win club world cup
31 days till I see 1D on tour excited :)
On way home from hospital now :). Gran looked ok tonight!. Very chatty and they say she may get home in the next few days!
Girls that don't understand football or any sports makes it harder for girls who do understand them to be taken seriously.....
oomf: pick you over her anyday Me: you'll pick me over her but not over others oomf: ok  Me: I'm done with u like for real , goodbye
So twitter I still don't have my voice yet 3days straight is it gone for good?
Don't come to a football game if your not going to watch them play.
I can already see how this night is going to be..
wow Rumours: Gary Cahill is one of the many players being linked with a move to United.
11/11/11 everybody wear your poppy with pride and never forget our heroes!
Great days in Manchester... And tommorow going back home
BlueSkiesInTx why are you being such a trolling cow to SophieTSimmons ? If you're a grandmother, what an example you're setting.
why Is everyone taking food from my house and giving it to people, that's ours im hungry
I wish my life was like a Kenny Chesney song
College Coach coming to the house to visit tomorrow Excited :)
Idk what's worst, taking an exam or waiting for the grade
Damn I miss my baby...my car. She still in arizona freezing!
I can't wait to wake up tomorrow. Why? Chocolate motherfuckin' Cheerios, that's why!! LOVE.
It's 12:11. â® Don't Forget to be Peaceful.
everytime I think about you I always smile..
Three WOOLWORTHS_SA stores. No roast chicken.
I really am tempted to get out in this nasty weather for a fountain drink!
Because of machinegunkelly I started saying rage now everyone and their mother says it yet they still don't rage like us Laceup &
Do you even care
Be grateful for what you have, while in pursuit of what you want
Hay amores q quedarán para la eternidad
I want to shoot someone right now!!!
Meeting with an ex-senator this Friday.
And now coldplay's Christmas lights is on my radio!!
sbell3131 They're usually not too bad, but last night they made quite a racket right outside my bedroom window at 4 am.
Did I mention how blessed I was today blessed &&
Loving is not just looking at each other, it's looking in the same direction. Antoine de Saint
krabby_PATTY_C turn that frown upside down
That's cute, somebody just pulled out a legit map.
Can't believe I missed MOTHERFUCKING ATTILA and We Came As Romans concert. FUCKING BLACK INFESTED DICK. :( I love them.
my teacher telling me to get up and dance embarrassed!
Yo some1 stole my laundry basket! annoyed smh
SophieLikeSykes iknowright !! BUT ITS STILL NICE ! haahas ! Trended on twitter k ><
jimmywhite147 I had it same the other team winning, harry M going and Harry h the winner
Newly shaven legs and sweatpants
Neighbors across the street have an inflatable Xmas decoration that plays music. NON. STOP. It's all I can hear from my office.
Music blasting drinks on deck!! n my food is almost done..damn made a whole buffet by myself n Helen's help!!
Can't wait to see my husband
Just got tax rebate cheque from 2006/07 - thanks hmrcgovuk
WHY do you feel the need to prop the suite door open?
I guess she just doesn't like white guys
Red light blinking, why?
ForeverImmature thanks a lot. I did that in front of people. Lol
I always get what I want but rite now it not happen
I'm looking for answers that I know I'll never get
OMG I need to go to bed so ill be ready for tomorrow! But these party kids won't shut up!! Someone come and shoot them! Kthanks(:
Australia. I miss. Soooooooooooo fucking much :(
Do u honestly have to laugh so loud???????
onceuponatime coming on tonight!
ATaylor1907 lying I'm clearly not playine mw2 its just him ;) sad..
so tired of not having my car.
It's about time to experience a haircut in Europe...
if maya was here this would not have happened. disappointed imissmaya <\3
im not finna let him get me ma doe  its good
It's raining, in Phoenix!!
Just got some very good news
Just gave my mom a blunt
So my Facebook mobile hasn't been letting put up statuses..
AdoreNaya Oh well then that's a good idea x) i don't want you hurting yourself while you sleep xD OMG YOU DID? Good job Beeee
I'm not feeling mw3 anymore
Me and rasheedah101 Celebrating wit my Lil SIS first baby shower....I hope it ain't no more to come!!!
I remember that first night i was with you =)
ff morrisonclinton locksta11 supported the onetouchfooty movement from day 1!!
Over 10 minuten YStijd sweater bestellen <3
Oomf Just Said Sumbody Dick little Lol
When the automatic toilet flushes while ur still in the stall.
Huh another day stuck in the house hair appt 3 he knew that but he leaves any damn way
Oh...how i hate leaving friends.
Beyond frustrated with my boss right now! CALL ME BACK BITCH!
“KaylaAnnMiller: I love it when I get texts from rbarnett29 it sounds like my phone is having a party. longtexts”
Saluting all Vets for thier sacrifice
Don't feel like talking right now..
where the heng is Header cohding!!!!!!!! Rage!!!!
Is going to have a 31 bag party!
AliciaMadi22 having withdraws from you
This year I will teach everyone in SC how to drive in snow, just in case it comes this year. maybe not because my A/C still going.
A runner doesn't mind being told to sit out a week but their biggest fear is being told they won't run again.
Apparently it was snowing all over today
OLNerdyBastard That's not weather, that's a fucking person! You don't know ANYTHING!
knowlesylad never meet your heroes!
AlyssaDMcMahan lol I had an awkward moment when I was only laughin and u wasn't lol I felt
Pause!!! Happy Veterans Day to all the Vets.....
came home to find that my parents had put the Christmas tree up
But some dont be happy..
layin here thinking about you <3
My mom just said nigga falls instead of niagara falls
I love Maury! U are NOT the Father...u silly HOE!
51rrr I want to put up a Christmas tree!!!! :D
How does someone wear the same boxers everyday
Surprise was epic, she had no idea I was coming home! And that's how it's done
CherLloyd tickets are on sale and I'm on the bus :'(
Fuck yess my moms making burritos today! Ive been craving em too
Join the sevenly movement and be the generation that shows Love & Kindness.
how can any human being be so filthy, conniving and small?
the woman at the volunteer desk today brought a book by Miriam Toews.
Thank you, God for waking me up this morning!!
When is this office Holiday brunch & Secret SAnta exchange getting started?!?!
I havent seen ebierley in a week, yet her hubby Zombietowne makes it a point to come by my office.
Imma Text Oomf How i Really Feel! Let's See How This Goes Nervous.
Chocolate Bar was fun now at House of Blues to see Marsha Ambrosius!
Ma second day without taking any pain killer.
Mixtape release is January 3rd
Leave go somewhere your loved and be happy. Or stay where your at, develop thick skin, tough it out, and still be
Can't wait to see hailee this weekend :D gonna get to spend the whole weekend with her and Brandon :)
Good night tweethearts :) *falls asleep holding a cheetah-print body pillow
I'll keep fighting for you as long as I can  
justinbieber Follow me please? Iloveusomuch   2Days All I Want For Christmas Is You Excited :) 49
Baby I will wait for you <3
Its amazing how people want you to keep quiet..destroying a image..
This week has gone by super fast sad:(
Thinking about so much!
20 pg. paper + 11 slides + 15 min. presentation and Dr. Nichols liked it all!!! My group put in work.
Hangover this morning , cured by an amazing afternoon, Liverpool win and a few beers.
back to lakemarryy  nice trip but ready to be home..
Why are iPhone cords so short?
Why is there aload of one direction crap on my tweet homepage?
Has in interview on wednesday.
I feel like i don't see gimmemoore10 anymore
PoppaPooj I got an Iphone4S now
Got a 3.5 gpa in my first semester of my undergrad program!!
Why does every car I see have to look like your car? It gives me a heart attack for no reason at all.
That one holiday I look forward to every single year is ruined this year.
pdrake25 you are seriously SO weird... love.
In bed I can never sleep on a night , christmas is so close I can't wait to see all the family and spend time with them
Love people who instantly cheer you up
I hate being forced to do stuff on breaks.
Its a wonderful day that God has given us, thankful JesusisKing...
Bout ready to kill my dog!
Awwh shoot. Y did I wake up so early!? Frickkkkkkkk
Looks like I'm not going to NOLA after all..
can't believe I just counted roughly how many irregular verbs don't change from past simple to past participle. 116, FYI.
Getting our uniforms tomorrow
HoesLove a nigga who can get them high n let them be around his money
18 days until myself an luciemorgan go Paris for New Year MidnightTheEiffelTower
I hate when you don't know someone & your mom makes you talk to them
KhloeKardashian the latest rumor is Lam is coming to Dallas!! We would love to have y'all here!! Bring your boots! Jk
The 1 tym u ask 2 do sumthin 2getha im 2 busy and now i feel lyk i ruined this but i waited 4eva 4 this tym
Slight problem when I'm walking towards three horses on the pavement and I have the dog
You are the best thing that's ever been mineeee
Puppypound...I'll proudly go out like that. Heads held high boys and girls. Love ya all and great to be apart of such a Badass squad.
Just downloaded the march 16th update on the wii. Poor wii...
alicehazard I'm going to go next year!
Everyone on my timeline is saying Elf is on TV tonight, that's my favourite ever Christmas film! Wooooo!
Why does everyone care so much about what happens in other people's lives?
So cute when ur kid loves their home so much they don't even want to go hang over at the rich friend with the bigger house!
Must suck to be a cowboys fan after losing to a crap of a team
Some people are just too predictable..
i hate when your dick falls through the hole in your boxers
The two greatest teachers in my life - mom and dad. Always in my heart!
Baby all I want for Christmas is you :) and 5 things in that list haha
chillin in this sweet hotel. coaching tomorrow!!
Can't wait until I move, then I wonder what everybody gonna do
all the stupid little things are so
First ever law exams this morning
NattyBiz_15 so much for our hot cocoa disappointed :(
i wanna meet the person who first thought group projects were a great idea so that then i can give them a little piece of my mind
I really need that call or text right now.
I love it when my fave song is stuck in my head & once I tune in on the radio when driving it starts playing =D Excited !!!
the text im bout to send is gonna make or brake me
I'm so happy I can't tell you how happy I am :)))))))))
I need to get a universal remote ASAP! I can't deal with this shit any longer
I just wanted to go to the lights. thatstoomuchtoaskfor so is asking to go on a date.
I can't stand needy and depressing people Smh. When you have no one but Jesus, you have all you need. True
Had a good long talk with you!
I hate when your having a good day then something always has to ruin it...
mi bf just called me tlk abt she just seen this gurl we used to go to school wit nd she look exactly the same...
Nuthin but empty roads all the way homeee ..
Cant wait for the ravens game toniight
Christmas progressive supper tonight.
Greatnes_Is_Me yes, I'm sold. There are some exceptions..but it's too many easy hoes thus Idk any senior males that are even serious
If eye could suddenly feel, eye would know what eye suddenly feel is real.
bboyzelph  alright I will :)  I'm kinda I'll actually try and go full out with my sets instead of power haha:p
littlehess5 cristtinamariee wait you don't remember that ... & OMG YOU REMEMBER WHEN I TRIPPED ?
Beat cheryl home with GarrettHolland8 and kblee94. surprise!
You said those words first.
watching the notebook <3
U laugh like u havin an asthma attack.....
Leegooo thanksgiving number one!
Felt good to shoot the soccer ball around
Holding my new phone through bubble wrap and a fed ex box.... Don't worry baby soon you'll be out of the dark and into my hands <3
Great Thanksgiving with all of the family!! CheezStaaK randeezy_tray
I got a brilliant idea, either drive faster or get the fuck over
AustinMahone I CAN GO !!! ....:,/ JK I can't make it cause I don't live there :/ :/ :/
2 days of school then thanksgiving break :)
i didn't think i could ever move on, i was wrong
amora_cbs4 I smell a congress rant tomorrow at 6:00. They went home!!!
Breakfast at last while listening to the new Coldplay album!
can't wait for christmas.
Got all glammed up for my date.
I take a two hour nap and my phone, Facebook, and twitter are blown up ......
Hate when you fall asleep in class and when the bell rings you don't want to wake up because you're sleeping so good!!!
Omw to ma husband! :-)  excited!
How much u wanna bet when the dictionary was being created, they did every word from A-Z, then came back to the L's to deliberate on
We are the 80's on the telly! Depeche mode 100 decibel
doing one final edit for the night then it's a movie and zzzzzzzzzzz!
About to enjoy jst layinn in my bedd ..
The more I watch of this Ducks/Hawks game, the more I'm dreading tomorrow night.
marioogle you're a traitor to the Blackberry community lol
When my dad tries to assume things <<<<<<<
And I got a date on Saturday...
If i was a teacher at irmo i'd beat the shit out of some of these kids
is done worrying about things i cant handle!
Show in Boise at the venue this Sunday!!! excited!
Mayweather sent to the big house for 90 days
My grandpa is 92 and fought in WW2.
Studying+watching elf with doug...
My Nook has done a software update twice now, in a row.. irritating stop!!
warne888 me! First time seeing you play in the flesh
Off to play some social badminton - I hope I'm not the only 'beginner' there!
rihanna Talk That Talk out today!!
Good to see poojabeditweets clarifying abt SK status. SK acted matured and pooja reciprocated.I like pooja and SK is like God to me.
Charlie brown Christmas is on<3
Want to be abe to go out and buy as many clothes as I want and not worry about how much I am spending :-(
I've missed you _InfamousAlex </3
S/O to my brother CJCoolAss for being woke an gettin my money out ny account
Got my Golden M4A1 on COD MW3 last night.
Tri Delta Tuesday!  Wear those Deltas loud and proud!
Ugh Harlingen games packed
People who tweet numberss
dancing was good:), show on friday and satruday
Some people really do know how to p*ss you off sometimes.
Letters should never be mixed with numbers!
yummypiedbabes I have my dads heart
i_drive_ACHEVY you didnt do it?? i can only imagine how mrs fox will react
I Cant Wait To Put Up My Christmas Tree!
oomf needs to stop commenting on EVERY status on my fb.
cup cup jangan menangis, jangan sedih,, ariearjaya i don't have any conection....
so I was walking and I almost started talking to this girl because I thought she was allstunner
Glad my face decided it wanted to go nuclear this week.
MMABeatdown Omg! I knoooow right! Especially Joe Rogan!
jblanc12 gabbydeyarmond is in texas for god knows how long...
The weather outside lately has felt like Christmas in Miami. It's still warm.
RunEatRepeat hmgiraffy lil_yogini runeatrepeat skinnyrunnersr I went on a bike ride, the bike seat held the ut in.
Inside in/ inside out - the kooks .
Purchases in eStarland have arrived much faster ... Request sent on 28 October did not come today... :-(
I'm sick of studying ... literally -- after 9pm this evening, my quarter's officially OVER!!!!!
starbucks pop up ads are killing me right now! what i would give for an iced green tea latte.........
Waiting for him to get off work...
I can't wait for next weekend! Alec is coming home on Saturday and our six months is on Sunday!
Ugh can't connect to Macy's free wifi network
If you can't get someone out of your head, then maybe they are meant to be there.
That depressing moment when dance ruins everything.
Church was good 2 us,Got a call to come to work early so 2 to 10 it is kohl's say get That money if u want it
heatherrlc ew is right hahaha we should do it after that cuz i legit have nothing to do
aszdanowicz can we please?! I can't even remember any of the millions of quotes we used to know from that movie
its that time of night again... when the only thing i look forward to is a decent update on my timeline or newsfeed
justinbieber OMB! Three more days and me perfume SOMDAY comes to me !!! Excited 20
Cannot wait for FOOTBALL
JennnDon ColtonLHaynes is probs sleeping because of all the hard work he put into black friday
Uni, doctors then off to London for Students for Revolution, then a night back at the homestead. Busy but amazing weekend planned.
I hope I grow out of this..
Twitter messages aint sending frustrating.
Thinking of my friends at Virginia Tech today.
MikeEtherington i want to be his wife , shame he's already married
i know justinbieber is never gonna notice me :c
Wtf.. I texted you so I didnt have to talk to you on the phone.
Congratulations USTHS Glee Club for winning 1st runner up in Resorts world Manila chorale competition! Go USTHS Glee Club!
Everything just got a little better
Flightshow next week...can't wait to get in the presidents's jet planeexcited...
Today turned out to be a really great day!
I'm thankfully for my besties TopicAdizkushon and DreamyMocha special S/O...
The Gingerbread House Competition turned out great!
Running late to VISawardsnight ooops! :-)
Going to sleep in a while :) latest this week :>
I wish they played Christmas movies all year, instead of just a month; in the whole year. depressing.
I wish I had someone to travel with );
thatakwardmomentwhen me and ragenmariewhite are breaking it down And then we realize two boys beside us are dancing with us
The food the lord has blessed me with 2 day
Why is EVERYONE a hypocrite ?
Went to ham with the icing
Can't wait to go see the tree this weekend!!!
OhEmJayBean everyone does babe! But at least you had the CHANCE to!!!!
i hate we ppl say dhey a pro idd make me
My lips is chaped  My throat is in Pain One eye is bigger then the Other  ~2day is Not my Day November- January anit my Months
Save the drama for yo... well I really don't care as long as its not on Twitter
Anyone else get itchy at night?
Kim by Eminem is a song to slit yer wrists too...
Pats4Me Exactly....this game is not as enjoyable as it should be.
I sound like Will Young with this bloody lisp!
Spent a good portion of a holiday party last night talking about Vim keybindings
MeriAustin4 yeah Bc I'm tryin to see u? Ok then.
InterVieww in The Morning,Wish ME Luckkkk
Cold sores suck assssss .
Getting mad at me for stressing out only stresses me out more. Try being more understanding instead.
those internal itches, tht yu just cant scratch!!!
two weeks till i'm 18; can't wait to go out with my own ID. excited.
sonTAG_youreIT can't help it
whoever is calling me from restricted... you're fucking cool get a life.
The two grandmas going at it on Oneborneveryminute lmfao
I swear my dog is a better friend then half the people I know
Sad when friends do what they do...
AbbyWichgers  sooo.. that video you took of me is really
Looks like I have a dance project coming up . excited :)
Bonne nuit, faites de beaux rêves les gens ! :)
Let tonight be a good night n let it be the night I need!
My parents are soo
Wait... Fletcher Cox wasn't a Heisman Finalist?
Hahaha hahaha hahaha ha. Oh dear you.
BRUCE GETTING IT STARTED
Well your present was already ordered.....
“HBCUPrideNation S/O to Wiley College! GreatDebaters”> and the first HBCU West of the Mississippi proud.  : -)
i wish my computer would stop acting all weird
BRUNCH this weekend, 11am-4pm.  Not too many places in the hood where you can get creative comfort fare cooked with LOVE!
If everything goes as planned I'll get to see my favorite follower after school
Tanning whilst eating passion fruit yogurt
Sick like a mofo:(
Only one drunken tweet last night, with barely any spelling mistakes.
feels like we've broken up for christmas
Why do I always have to pee?
Just got home, was a good day with my bros again!
I don't know why some people are so surprised it snowed. One, its november, two its freezing cold, and three its canada.
Turn your fucking music down this is the library .
At the movies with my mom seeing Twilight :)
So pissed bobby better not b dead supernatural killing all the best characters this season
no one talks to me on here anymore
Meeting w/ the printing sponsor for Unmask the Swag...getting tickets&flyers printed for distribution this weekend!
Dad shut the fuck up I know what  time it is!
Islamophobes  in this country are more than those in Europe/states
Babe your not joey essex therefore you don't have the right to say reem!
It has been a long time since I was this angry
from what I'm lookin at...we'll just say I got through this semester
That depressing moment when you realize the worksheet is double sided. -_-
Can't wait for winter break!!!!
Seeing my son smile makes it worth it all......
2012 will b my fresh start as a solo artist..
On the train to birmingham to see my girls!
There is no feeling more comforting and consoling than knowing you are right next to the one you love.
Justins a little late for his performance
I don't like night time :'(
Lust is easy. Love is hard. Like is most important - Carl Reiner
Things are not going my way
I just want to be
WAIT wait WAIT... Le Singe Blanc are playing in London on Sat?! who knows where?
I hope you're not just playing me.
Ever just want to shove a random girl that's talking to your future boyfriend?
What did I do to deserve this?
i need someone to take me on my late night taco bell runs,
The bullshit you can hear sometimes is unbelievable... Im not stupid
ChiaraFerragni those wedges are insane!
It's like been raining for 24 hours straight!
just got asked about coming in for an invterview!!!
AthenaSofos lol I'll get you into it when you're down on Saturday yayyy exciting xx
At chicken express! going too see my freinds at remnant practice tonight for ofc!
It bugs me when someone says one thing, and then does another.....
Going to work in the morning and not getting off til it's dark out
y qe MarthaGCU no me contesto
Love always believes the best so the next time you make an assumption about who someone is, try getting to know them instead.
Tht annoyin BUG  who calls u latenight to wake u upp nd tlk likethinkin they gotit like tht , really u super
Kourtney kardashian's question inflection at the end of everyyyyy effing sentence needs to end.
Is today that day? That day that JLo (the real one) sees me and tweets/follows me ? psh probablynot but i guess its worth a shot....
mikebeagan if no one eles good goes up there the only one I'm going for
And so back to the wastelands of the north
HahA redknapp eyes title ha he must still be on drugs!! Only a fickle yid wud say thT! Joke of the day defo !
Why did I have to start laughing right in the middle of the vocal concert??
Twitterverse! Is anyone out there?
acciotimelord nah, s'alright doll, I'll buy them soonish. but thankyou. amazon is only letting me have a download, no physical copy
There is no excuse for being fat
This weekend feels to much like Christmas break then I remember that I have to go to school for two more days
Kelsiclesm is the most loyal and most greatest bestfriend I could ever ask for. She is the best!
justinbieber just watched your performance of pray a year ago at the amas...
i think im the only one, who hasn't gotten an advent calender since i was about 8 years old..
My business AceOfAlkaline is not all for money. I authentically want to help the People get healthy and stay healthy.
Everyday you should be
Woke up this morning and thought it was winter break -_-
Sleep spoiled because of u !!
Just Accomplished , What Needed To Be Done
Can't wait to go out have had a detox since thursday so feel good! me and daisy are fully on the prowl tonight so watch out aha
this week has really made me wonder who my real friends are.
Going to my best friends' house tonight! (LexiD_13)
Sometimes Being Away from the Ones YOU Love Makes Them Love, Appreciate, And Miss YOU More than Before.!.  By:Miss_FF_9
Day spent at the pictures with Kay, night spent at Nando's & CrazyGolf with Hol&Al
All this crazy weather outside is preventing me from sleeping,
can only find one slipper  
Everyone is here chugging away... Some last minute changes are delaying us a touch but we still launch tomorrow!
I_Am_Humble Me too bro!! Just believe God is going to move... I may have to hit yall up on here for some more encouragement lol
Sorry xfactor but I hope next season you'll have a different host
Walk4Good has the BEST interns on the planet! Thank you Candace R. and Sarah U.!
Glad to See someone notices my muzzy for
This seems to be the only topic ever talked about
I am not perfect, but I am pleased with the person I am becoming. I still have a long way to go.
Gonnaa bomb this final /:
Going to the movies again tonight!
Never looking for love. But im def waiting on it to find me...
I love that Houston sings baby it's cold outside with me
The more I know. The the more scared I get...
Rhodes411 havn't you said ur goin to change ur proile pic several times? Ive been waitin for somethin histerical
SorinetteBTC they are amazing and normally the most emotional.. :P i cant wait for their Aus tour, i will cry if i cant go!
I feel like I'm the only person who wants to punch a wall every second of the day
CopelandCaleb thanks so much dude!
Cinnamon buns in bed ..
If you know how to fly kite, you know how to get hold of your man forever.
Being single isn't as great as it sounds I miss the cute texts, && the long kisses. (:
He sucking on a dead cow's tongue. Disgusting!
Going to meet my family tomorrow .
Waiting to see if I get into OSU
Smtttt I hate when people wake me up.
Chinese..waited long4it..then my neighbour started talkin 2me like she couldnt shut up annoying!! didnttastegood AlisonPopsitt
ihateitwhen the doctor and the pharmacy make you phone tag them JUST for a prescription. it shouldn't be this difficult
hayden_quinn smh theage free ebook for Apple users only again?
Why does my heater decide to break when its actually cold in my room?
hate having a tummy ache:///////
We are getting spanked. Goals will flow soon.
Im not gonna let you ruin my day , so im gonna walk around like I just won the lottery .
my hands won't stop shaking whatthehell annoying -_-
I'm so happy right now! Seriously blessed and excited!
I got no mentions.
Trying to get comfy is bed is so hard.
; D e m Cherry Pies From Mcdonalds My Girl Put Me On To Dem Shyts Str8 Love !
ColtonCarter just kicked my ass in madden
Just got my 4S
Tough day at work
u confused huh ...yea OK Ur just trying to see if there is a duplicate ...let me end ur search THERE ISN'T ONE CLOWN...
DubShens53 - do we need to talk about your latest tweet ?
Well i just got a twitter!:)
kaylinx0ox i didnt get to watch it todayyyy!
I hate that when I'm on twitter that I still get their phone alerts as well.
Thank you lord for the amazing food and for my family,  even tho they are crazy sometimes. happy &
Getting ready to go to town with sophwilliamss, tonight!
I swear GOGETTA80 always goes INNNN when it comes to relationships!!
Detail THE BEST FUCKN PRODUCER IN THE GAME RIGHT NOW...TAKING OVER 2012....BE READY PEOPLE...LUVV U BRO.....SIGNED:PASSION.....
I'm so done with peoples fuckin games.
La fonda in the morning
kschreebz jojocucci unclegiles45 thanks for the invite.. Oh wait we didn't get one
so If you text me and say I guess in a reply ....your gonna get a text back saying you guess what
i just realized its almost tomorrow :):):):)
kristinswad i deleted that soo fast.
Encore une petite semaine à patienter
I wanna get on MySpace juss to change my mood to
Moving right along...
its 10:00....you know what that means? friends :) bliss <3
I've come to realize that I really don't give a fuck anymore & I've finally Moved on.
Omg fuck my life. I MEAN LOWER *
I'm guessing Apple paid Adobe to drop Flash on Mobile.  Now Android's worth has just been cut in half.
For those that know, stopped taking meds and so far so good.  Almost a week post after almost 5 months of that crap.
laaw15 TiffiniMungia I love emailed wings! happy itsanhourand11monutespast11:11here
Only 4 days till I start indoor soccer!
Sink hole in Iowa...
xSiLLYxCiLLAx You need a hobby
So I absolutely HATE havin to get a jump!
the first time i heard niall and louis' solo in more than this i must of cried for more than 10 minutes.
Wya wen I need yuI the most !
time to get ready! yeey! excited!
Gotta go to the doctor for my results of my blood work tomorrow
Fisher college would hire a fuckin Jamaican guy as the teacher for the hardest subject
Eww Patrick Kane's shootout goal
hate that i think to much bout everything!
Tanduay Ice, WWE and graphic design work at 11am. It is the Baguio way.
When u hear the water running of course im in the bathroom. stop knocking on the door
Distance means nothing in a relationship, as long as you're willing to work it out, it will never separate u.
THANKING THE,MOST HIGH FOR ALLOWING US TO C ANOTHER DAY
kidrauhloveswag YA TE HE RESPONDIDO :)
NADA MÁS ESCUCHÉ UNA CANCION DE U.A.N! PERO ME GUSTÓ :')
Its cool tho, people always want something for NOTHING...even if it's a simple damn retweet!
how can you be so cute and sweet and such a gentleman and then speak like a 5th grader? ..
If this woman don't stop breathing so damn loud I swear.. She is sounding like caitlinmcclure6 mzgoodgood7 knows what I mean!
hollymazurr same here there fans are like steeler fans
And leaving the door open is the worst mistake that an employee could make because...  It could let in a draft? monstersinc  
how u twatchin me when you don't even have a twitter
itsmemng that i still do not know when..
They've all been bullied for singing and they come on and do that:')
20 days before christmas!
Maaaaan i just wasted my damn money ANGRY!!!
these three wrds.....
Like if she planned better, I wouldn't be angry. But now she's sending me and my sister doing various unnessecary tasks.
This davidguetta documentary is so dope!!!
Can't wait for winterball
My tattoo is healing && it itches.
RobynC_C ha, bro has day off and is still in bed and me and dad been doing this shit since 8.
OAtkinFOX ALWAYS texts me then takes forever to reply
In 5 days, SS contest. In 6 days, I'm in holidays. In 7 days, my big sister comes home. In 8 days, one of my best friends comes home.
Menudo for my grandpas birthday today <3 I love him and miss him more than anything <3 sad :(
Finally Eatingg Without Wanting To Throw Up , Yay ! Brother Brought Me Micky'd's:D
erinflo Priscilla, Queen of the Desert! I missed that one. I'm just swooning over the fact that Newsies is back on Broadway.
and what's more, I spent it with one of my best friends:')
ladygaga I'm so jealous Gaga just release your tour dates!!!! :(
it's almost the countdown to the 25 days of christmas! :D excited!
omggg TheXFactor justinbieber, me& Kim cant wait for your performanceeeee, excited :D <3
Logged in and did some voidwatch today. Got... a pile of NPC fodder.
I don't ever be trippin' off of what ain't mine
WackAttack4 eh I'll make it. Wish you were actually here with us
It's seven and i am already 3/5ths of the way done with this project!
iAM_KeeT I haven't seen you and _Crews_  in ages I didn't even get to see yall before I moved
Can't wait until school starts...
I hate when ppl text with the sound on.
Dad's put a wrestling action figure on top of our christmas tree. What is going on in his head?
If you're always judging people you'll never have time to love them.
successful shopping trip & date night we picked our new bedroom furniture
Jim_McDonagh you must have pulled up ok this morning to be facing the twitterverse so early
stupid hair. stay brown. why are you turning blonde?
I've never wanted to go back to OP this much in my entire life!
Hate seeing hot girls at the gym
My mom always exaggerates what time it is when she wakes me up.
Fun with the Onion: Patrick Kane No Longer Able To Play With Blackhawks After Dad Gets New Job In Boise
Party planning has began!!!
Weights in six hours
Zakeryyy Ooh free printing makes me happy
so happy tomorrow is my last full day of school ;) happy(:
RebeccajWalton I would actually love to know who all your tweets are about!
DanaLocascio I'm hysterical laughing in my room lmao they're so true!
Ive been dreading my math final the most
MeganLeah19 one day and hello gi!
You the best you deserve a crown bitch
Kgrayy I was looking forward To seeing you
Meet me in Montauk. La mejor pelicula.
ThatAwkMoment when he moved on because he only sees her one Sundays, and it's a Sunday, and he's seeing her.
So excited to wake up and know it wasn't all a dream! I have the best friends ever RachelCCorbin HeathHarg
My mom has a CD of my papaw singing. It literally brings tears to my eyes to hear him sing! Such a talented man.
Those nights when all you wanna do is cuddle up next to someone and then you realize you're single
eminemily0812 erinfodea it must be clarified that the airport worker is in fact mark's doppelgänger - not Mark.
justinbieber you are such a great person,you are an example for all of us PROUD 30
Why does everyone have to shit in my bathroom.
Steelers fans took over SF
I have many perfect plans for this weekend  \(´▽`)/
elisee_rae I tried to catch up to a unicycle for a picture but he had way too much speed
I hate when my boyfriend falls asleep before saying goodnight ):
Well Brides Maids was not as funny as it was made out to be
about to watch how the grinch stole christmas...
People who just write stuff on Facebook so they can get likes
My mama is really mad cause i didnt get her icecream. Lol
I loved Leroy :(
US Cellular sucks balls right now.
Waiting to go shopping
Yayyyyy its finally cold in Mississippi!!!
A ju-co offered me a full ride... Not sure what I should do
Just made a double sized mug of tea.
bgill55 adrynalyne  to Verizonwireless the Galaxy Nexus is just another phone. nothing special at all.
Awaken12 Winter Camp is coming together....
Nu echt slapen bye,
Mom's going to talk to my dad about me visiting Mikey for spring break :)
craving something but not knowing what...
If you're gonna say yeah, cool, oh, okay, or ik. Dont bother replying because I'm the only one trying to start conversation.
That was the anthem at LiqHers'. I lost two workers though
it is official! Niece is now adopted daughter! We are the permanent custodians of an adorable 14-year-old girl!
having half an apple with roma_ohyeah! Euphoria!!
Wanting the ONE person you can't have is always
This woman eats like a panda bear..but she's not even cute..she's obnoxious
I'm rushing so much my clothes are still a little damp.
I hate ugly fake bitches. annoyed.
SocialMedia makes the world smaller and brings our Hearts Together. ~ Lori Moreno
JakeTAustin is sooo sexy in New Years Eve
In high school I used to take an average of 400 pictures a month. Since being in college, i haven't taken 400 pictures on my own camera
Me choca hoy no te he visto
My lil booty getting big excited :)
afiqahmoghni lepas tu, hari tu, dia tiba2 on his knee and ckp arlina, will you .... let me tie your shoe laces. ok nak pitam. -__-
I go home NEXT WEEK :) excited!
AmirM10 ..........well now I just feel stupid...
in denton:) i might/might not be picking jessica nix up at the airport with jordanoglee and marcus_lo and i might/might not cry.
There's a lot coming up in December and January even February and march wow!!!!
I am so lucky, I got 10 replies from adtsinghsharma
Cannot believe how passionate people are about X Factor.
Show call at 12:30 tomorrow? That means I can't sleep in.
Maggie is seriously the best person ever. Seriously. Because she just made a good day great.
20 min at Clancys, no beer. At Decker for 5 seconds and get served.
This woman on sidereel keeps moving her arms like a bird about to fly off.....
Hate not having a boy to talk to.
aLvindeBa on twitter is worse for the mention messages..anyways I'm good hun, a bit stressed and strangely moody...!hows ya?! :) Love <3
My life is soo fricking boring !! Nothing to do !!! Annoyed :)
its a miley cyrus and jonas brothers kind of day for me.
No makeup, cranberry limeaid, and chillin in a sports bra=
Wow. My sister restored my ipad and all my info is gone
10 days until Christmas and we don't have a tree..
Sunday church and then ill start wrapping presents
And that shit feels good
My old bitch Fucked up, My new Bitch lucked up My Ex trynna suck up, Mann dat Bitch Got Me FuckedUp
Just enthusiastically said hi to who I thought was alexruiz781
I'm soooooo happy I passed my final I have one more to go today is my last day of my first semester... Woot woot
i wanna go to michigan memorial to see my grandma but no one will take me
RecKzR lucky bastard I gotta wait till christmas
You know what if that's what you think then fuck off!
I'm kinda ready to be back at mom's
Just found my 'The (big) Bits' shirt with 3:04 in the corner. Aka the time we made the shirts!! TheIdahoFool lissabalissa926
OneLoveOneEarth was a week away from Twitter. Belated TY for this ff, Connie. Very Happy 11/11/11 2u & yours :) Blessings... peace &
lekanpaul Keep up the good work! I think vinnydrey is also going to host CrowdOutAIDS Offline Forum in Abuja!! CrowdOutAIDS Exciting!!
AyshaBucheeri a minutes earlier :D NotProud .... And now they r late proud :p
I really went through all of today thinking it was thursday -____-
«YeahIM_HER Remy_horse  Reggie over here loud as hell snorin» lmnfao
UmmmHuh the kids n I baking cookies fa santa next Sat
Maroon 5 radio? Heck yeah.! love :)
Susan_AZian Aww thank you so much
Why is it that people are never around when you need them?
How u gon b a hoe n be proud of it
S4R4_R4QU3L It never lets me know when you talk to me on here.!! Annoying!
Feeding the wild youngsters and then going to watch Christmas shows with them. :)
PROUD N-Dubz fan tht is embarrassed of the sale of N-Dubz stuff in primark !!
JBrooksLovesU if u look real close at my tweet u didnt copy it word for word!
Trying to sleep but all I can hear is my mum snoring!
I. Say it the last time bby i really love you girl.
I will not let beam defeat me.
Check out the great reveiw in the stage! www.thestage.co.uk/reviews/review.php/34689/robinson-crusoe-and-the-caribbean-pirates
if my brother has coughed once he has coughed a fucking thousand times, even if you ill this is extreme! irritating!
Hate seeing the mountain without snow
Why do I care so much...
ended my night listening to coldplay..
Thanks to all black friday shoppers causing havoc and creating entertainment for the morning news.
I can't believe I woke up to such bull!!! Nxa!
When we are unfaithful, He remains faithful for He cannot deny who He is. (2 Tim 2:13)
BEST. TEXT. EVER. BornIMusic :) I'm counting on you.
Shout out to johnnypwalker for driving all the way to CF and printing my paper and bringing it to class!
On the way to the CLink for this walk thru, just over 24 hrs til showtime
Kristen Stewart is on Conan tonight!  happy!
Cornbread is done,macaroni is baking waiting for the rest of the food ! While watching Easy A Thankful ¦]
PrincessTosin87 Kool that would be my j berg trip :) so let me know well in advance
Thank you Lord for this beautiful day..
Lies lies & more lies. That's all that comes out of your mouth.
Feeling a bad day coming on
sometimes it's so hard to not give up.
All sealed in with a roaring open fire
just bought tickets to see NeroUK next year :D excited !!!!
Darbyfrisbieee This isnt as easy as I thought
Sky sports news in bed! bliss SkySportsNews
With the team for the night
Food in 10 minutes
OMG  THEY DIDN'T FUCKING HAVE LOTM3 IN THE BRIGHTON HMV...HAD TO DO A TEMPZZZ
It's a lovely sunny day in Doncaster. Having a family day delivering Xmas presents & catching up with rellies
WomanNBlack this film is going to be amazing!:D
So soak up this day with the loved ones you're surrounded by. I know I will
Sorry I'm not gonna support you while you throw yourself a pitty party - that's just not me . annoyed .
HaneenHajAhmed next year she's going to release 3 movies,new songs,new album,new collabs with Trace,and maybe a tour .. ;]
wasn't as bad of a day as I thought
Good morning sexy bitches :) Let's try to make today fucking great; I dont feel like having stupid shit bring me down :)
I think I may just go to sleep.
How come after everything i do,you find a way to make fun of me.
Good supper with the family!
Watching This is JustinBieber 's TLC special!! Excited for this!!
FloHopee Hello!   How are you? Today is my birthday. :) i have 15 years...i'm young. Can you follow me? Thank you Belieber! Love <3
Black dude just lost to a white chick.
I hate it when someone texts you first and when you text them back they take FOREVER to text back!
So example is in Newcastle next sunday, and I haven't got tickets.
Such a long day. Good job tonight Vikings!
Wait a second, jakesnyder_90 knows how to tweet?!?
So The Dark Knight Rises is set 8 years after The Dark Knight? Interesting...
Curled up nice & warm? Check. Disney movie? Check. Prayers said? Check. Now, it's bedtime. Church in the morning!!!
Best friend, coffee, and Super Mario World make for a great end to a long day.
So I just got fruit snacks from college...I was so excited, but they taste like metal, Still eating them...but not happy about it
My phone always applies auto correct at the wrong time..
Everyone who likes music follow my homie JO3YD3M3RS were planning some big stuff for after the holidays! Keep your ears open!
how did i sleep through all of that?
I hate the fact that I have to wake up my dad
miss my soccer ball....
i thought i was in college not high school!
My heart and my brain are in a battle!!!
Being forced to watch the Human Centipede
Thanks for all the texts and tweets y'all! Love and preciate it!
SCarolinafinest Man cuz u brought bak memories look how god has increased us both
About to go MAX on some wings.
Cheers to tha fricken weekend, I'll drink to that, yeah.
ktloves what happened??? I'm
LizetteAranda no actually LA fitness bought ballys, dianaohbaby got a gym membership today
SweetestTABU it kinda pissed me off....actually a lot! But they want a real man.
FavoriteNBAmoments ... T-mac Dunking on Shawn Bradley
zoezoeboys dem THIRSTY HOES don't even get MCdonalds let alone remy hair??? Teheheheh!!!!
somebody get that girl off stage mann!!!
Yep he called again fones being thrown out the window
why is twitter is so blank.. awkward depressing.
ngpay Thank you just got a call from the AFL courier.. I am receiving the phone in next 10-15 mins.. Thanks a lot.. Thank You :-)
Just past my driving testtt!!
Why is it that i miss the memories the most! And wishing and living wit the regreat that i fucked up wit the one i love the most!!
AllieIvar I'm glad I got to see you... 
Wish I had money to get drunk tonight
Whoever invented DAT needs to go on the Not Top 10...
lost wotr,lost my job, lost my necklace, lost elections. i'm losing everything! I feel like frizzy lizzy. -__-
in love with the way things are going.
Thankful for marzbarz06 Tamaratamz and DaaamnnEunice :) truly amazing people that have made a positive impact on my life !
20 something more days till Norman. <3
Awesome in power.. Our God!
I broke my owl ring and scratched my hand during an epic balloon battle with SimonCoronel at MNTease last night. Totally worth it.
House smells amazing ! Happy Thanksgiving everyone .
This Bloody Film Has Made Me Shead A Tear sad:(
Two new tats on thursday!.....Gra'ma name and pops name......
when girls look different in person compared to facebook/tweeeeeeter <<<<<
A relationship with NO TRUST is like a car with no gasoline. You can stay in it all you want but it won't go anywhere..
ordered sims 3 late night for xmas :)
Pens win equals a good night! PF Changs for lunch tomorrow and a pedicure with mom after work!
why wont my printer work!?
Shopping tomorrow and soo not going to school!!!!! :)))
Tests are soooo much fun Delightful:)
haha yay! thanks God! i went back and found my favorite socks in the laundry room (such a nerd..thanking God for lost socks)
youre actually really annoying.. and im done trying so hard to be your friend.
Lost a follower .. Probz because I'm
Who honks at the person in front of them at a drive thru sheridon_nicole
I just got out of my warms ass bed to go alllll the way downstairs in the cold to get my moms charger
10 new fb notifications... 9 of them are friggin group updates..
I'm soooooo ill :( depressed.
Lana right back up, watching daddy kill these fools in Madden
remembering little things that happened the night before and feeling so awkward.
having a great dayy!
Kemaray T. Funderburk is my BEST EFFIN FRIEND ON EARTH. I'm either really sad or really happy when he hit my phone. In the case I'm HAPPY!!
I'm either gonna throw up or crap my pants.
Chores are finally done (: && Now laying down eating a candy cane while my parents are out buying a Christmas tree ;DD
realizing that on tummelvision we often do a really good job explaining complex tech in simple user friendly language
I don't have an ugly sweater. ):
ahhh Marcus is such a babe.
My science teacher is making anatomy and physiology TOO complicated.
So happy we got that done and over with! hate talking infront of people!
Only needed a D on the final to get an A in Accounting. Really not sure I accomplished that
Going to see dad in the hospital
30 min 4 american express CSR to answer my simple question....
Test of all tests today
They are my clothes, not yourss.
God said love yo enemies & I swear I do, no hate or bad blood in my heart
Way to be spotty and unreliable, AT&T 3G
ClayTray5056 Hahahaha I'm with it!
is it true that all good things must come to an end?
When the Chelsea game starts that when all the emotions are gonna be flowing.
Good shturdy day of study done
followed a bunch of ya'll back :) hit follow limit again bleh will follow ya'll soon :)
Matchbox Twenty Radio on Pandora
Not a very good workout today...couldn't get my mind clear
Ohhhh it's going down hopefully kmsl
Tumbling at Leap of Faith tonight.
All kids in bed quiet! Time 4 a lil bit o catch up on imacelebrity!
GoTweetY0urself wah I'm deff saving that text -__- disappointed :p
Tea and cigarettes are my only escape
It snowed today. It started to settle too
13 days till
hw due dec. 14 ill do it on the 13th...
O a few months of collecting pocket change i have gotten $22.73 in coins
If I'm taking a nap and you know it, but keep coming in my room I'm probably going to pissed whenever I finally decide to get up.
Tonight is not my night at all
jamesbignell I have a box set of her films
Got to go all the way back to Dundee to then go to perth. rage 883
Wish shit would go back to how it used to be! /:
Besides seeing mbunting57, chee ping is my favorite about coming home.
I So Wanna Buy The Talk That Talk Album But My Mum Won't Let Me Buy It. Disappointment rihanna :'(
People who cry over stupid shit. < there was no point in gettin emotional about that.
That awkward moment when you think rats are chasing you...
Sweetpotato pie, scallop potato, lamb!
You know your best friend when she holds your hand during surgery
just woke up... it snowed! hopefully it snows a whole bunch on sunday so we don't have school and I can build a snowman! :D
ryanAcaputo thanks for the lovely 3am dinner. love.
actually im going over jackkoattack house tomorrow
I was 2 followers away from 900 but then I lost a bunch of followers :(
i wish codyjgray13 would call me so we can hang out...
Staggering to grandparents' house with laptop and a hangover to escape builders. Who saw me in leopard print flannel pjs.
Avon_122 rough day for us bro.... TN loses, FL loses, and the lame ass NBA is back.....
I'm living this life just to live again... and with the lord I kno that I shall win.
Happiness is that elusive thing that everyone yearns to have, but most often look past in there search for it. happiness JustElisabetta
I hate when people never text you back
Sat in starbucks feeling rather festive with my praline mocha & FREE mince pie before seeing ollyofficial RizzleKicks LoickEssien
Am I the only one not going black friday shopping?
Man jux penetrate da cooch if she feeling
abby_LOUIS3 Abbythomas25 kkcox4 that great moment when Jan starts giving naughty Santa ideas.. p.s. don't get hats, she got us some
*smacks lips viciously* them ma fuckin Waffles was Hittin *rubs belly* mmmmmmm
GOT MY COMPUTER BACK!
Doing nothing all day because of the volleyball tournament is too good :)
Cooooool. More meds. Fifth times the charm.
Fuck I don't know what to do
Gluten free brownies...not as good I thought they would be.
I cnt text with my lack of thumb
Ahhh shit, my mum has read my school report...
SizzleScorch lmao damn im hella
I'd love to lay in bed all day!
Should cook myself dinner sometime soon.
I loved tonight!!  I really do enjoy those guys!
Can't wait for the the premiere tonight!
Never been loved by none of my girlfriends. All of them dogged me, used me, or lied to me from day one Sad :-(
When will I be getting my email about the deals SHOPLEN
A perfect symmetry of a life vs the life not lived: getting McDonalds at three in the morning even though you're not hungry
six days until lunch with agentsavant
my life gets better and better everyday .
When people update their Facebook like its their dang job. <<<
Really anxious to see what all I got for Christmas.
CassKay2011 That little black box that rings...that's called a phone, baby...answer it!!
I want u, I want u so badly..u r everything I need !!!
Agh! Stop annoying me,OK? Disgusting! >.<
So basically I hate boys. Exccept one, cause he's not like the rest.
FilthyDoyle Birthday shopping by any chance :-) xx
Everythings taking forever to load :(
Them sugar cookies hit da spot....
I hate feeling anything.
Shout out to StephofftheKirb hope you had an awesome birthday party
Beyonce is so powerful, confident, inspirational and independent
Blessed beyond measure. Air in these lungs. Grace is abound. My family is healthy...thankful.
ErikGillespie94 oh ya! took so long!
Heather kissing on coronationstreet made me boke
Christmas lights give me that warm fuzzy feeling inside
I am so blessed. God, you already know this but I'm gonna tell you anyway... You rock!
theAwkwardmoment when you see a hot guy and try to use a pick up line freeze and run away lolol
Just had a huge sneezing attack with at least 20-30 sneezes inna row and I don't even have allergies-__-
Counting down the days!
Snuggled up on the Sofa Ready To Watch Elf :)
Test in the morning.
stop asking questions that have nothing to do with you.
Although I was expecting a cover of 'the birdy song'
My lovely friend gave me a poster of Harry and a mask of Zayn :D
LiquidSwag i hate how long you take to text back
justinbieber CONGRATS on UnderTheMistletoe becoming 1 on Billboard!! but really its no suprise its their because ITS AMAZING Proud 27
OurHeroJDB hahaha aww you're just happy cuz' talked to me on the phone :) how cute u sayin this
NOBODY is an indivdual anymore everybody doing and trying to be the same thing
Well guess school starts back up tomorrow!
girls night tonight with sophielou512 and emma9137 and rach...
Every time i come to a_boatright 's house, she just always sleeps. Today she didn't .
justinbieber has come so far in 2 years, yet it doesn't really seem like 2 years have passed. It's almost unreal. proud :)
geezmariaaa = most special amazing girlfriend i could ever have! :)
Think you really blew it this time, think you could walk on such a thin line. you know you made it, your greatest mistake
xchattaB0Xshazx esp on fat old men !
Nor will the wealth profit him when he is  thrown in the pit
I Love My Life...
How's he gonna tell me to text him but not reply.
Wtf u >thought i do wat i want im THE NEW FOUNDING
Assignments coming together, my outfit sorted for saturday, Christmas tree up tomorrow....
Let's not be overdramatic. annoyed.
Lol my cousin just found out he has blueballs aha
umm where's love and hip hop?
It seems like Justin was that 15 year old kid in a hoodie just yesterday, and now he's almost 18. Time flys so fast. justinbieber
I can't find black boots for Emma anywhere!  frustrated!!!!
melda_sabanagic omgggg yes!! sometimes it's too much!
nswdig2011 once info is out there means people can start talking about your data and using it in interesting ways by anyone
The kid has no wheels, waiting for the gf still
I just decided tht i really dgaf anymore
My heart is beating fast
College basketball ALL day today!
I've had a very difficult past few days in my personal life, but I can't even complain bc I know so many ppl have it much worse.
1st day of work today
Tomorrow: work, getting my piercing, shopping, then who knows!
WhenImDrunk I'm more fun.. apparently... worrying .
The symbolisms of the Advent season are man's reverent attempt to personify the omnipresence of Christ.
some guys just knocked on my door and asked if I had a basketball . . .
UC tied score 3-3. They had the ball on the 1 yd line and couldn't do it!!
My morning started off GOOD oooweeee lol then bad & ended BEAUTIFUL <3
ME NICHT IS DERTIEN  ! PROUD .
Textin my daddy bout my car
Dogs jumping on me to feed'm, while m alone, at night & my car is far is scary. & the scarier is I stopped while scared & fed'm :))
Life is not about how many breathes you take, but about the moments that take your breath away.
Friend Zone on MTV is a terrible show. I haven't seen an episode yet that has turned out the right way.
itS waY t% earlY 4 mE 2 b disgusteD ! -____-
Got my sweet playlist for tomorrow. Getting some good sleep for my run bright and early.
Mexican_105 It was lotion wasn't it!
3 days and im outa here
this school stuff sucks
At dinner tonight, my own family fought over who would carry my dish to the sink and clean it
Okay how tf do I change my twit pic from my fine
Why can't I get in the Christmas spirit :(
That awkward moment when kids that graduated show up to fridays.
On my front porch, watchin my pup enjoy playin in the yard. Havin a maryjane session, listening to pandora mix.
sgilll I'm coming to ceramics tomorrow
Seafood Gumbo when Shayne get off air!!!
Was just told that I am a legend at my old high school :) I feel loved
Had the most Bless sleep ever! Thankful to be home , and thankful that all my flights went smooth .
whittermac just seen this..
My_TeamWinning1 you the phony one smh smh smh
just took pics with santa with aaron!! now waiting for my flight!! so happy to be going home
Can't fall asleep because I Can't find my wallet still . Trying to retrace my steps..
L'Enfant est jeune, l'Enfant est beau, l'Enfant sent bon le sable chaud
ChanningMarler well I love you, so I had to say hi! It's been to long
hubby gave me a laptop for christmas. this means i could start my blog!
I dnt understand how someone can always argue about every little thing 24/7..
since when do the apple dippers at mcdonalds not come with caramel anymore?
From Simon and Garfunkel and Cyrkle to The Killers.
conorcronin14 I played football but the team got cut and haven't a girls team since that's any use :(
wow im so done thanks mom for now telling me to take a train to norwalk are you stupid?
Smmfh ...  shout out to miszbnicole w/ the ASSIST!
Stop dwelling on the past...
Ugh. Couldn't eat breakfast this morning.
I could spell better than you at age 7
Another day to breathe...thanks to the most high.
Steyningtownfc newhavenfc tgoat17 leemtrobbo Can only go on the last time we played, The Big GK kept the score respectable!!
Hit the big 100 followers ,
I COULDN'T BE MORE HAPPY!!!!
justinbieber UNDERTHEMISTLETOE! I love you too. Happy HOLIDAYS for you too. PLATINUM PROUD 3
Hearts are sometimes annoying
kcmontero maybe momy bel beautyqueenmil will use the buko as a weapon! Haha
First time i get to sleep in my own bed in a while! happy:)
morning to all my lovely followers..in a fuckin great mood this morning start class jan..got my child support hearing papers today..
doruntinahoxha hahaha lol... Listen there is so much on ur page i wanna retweet åååh!!
step moms giving my dad a massage while he drives
Doing Christmas stuff
Callie_fu can't wait to see your kitten heels tomorrow
I love her and always wanna be with her! But right now I think she hates me.
feelin out of sorts today :(
I like my bed.
Would do anything to get this tooth out!
Wish somebody would ask my best friend what to get me for christmas. Except I have no one special who's getting me anything :(
Gearing up to finish the tree& watch movies with Noelle and David!  Charlie Brown Thanksgiving &Horton Hears a Who...here we come!
I'm going to pee my pants eeeeek
yeah i would be fucking ill on my day off!
Im super duper bored in this study hall no one to talk to.
my legs being this sore is getting really fucking
Getting my hair done with mom:)
I couldn't ask for a better family! We are always here for one another!
Mane i need tooo get heal soo i cann get back to doing wat i doo moe dis life with a broken foot  anit funn at all
I bet these same folks that sit in the Thad never go to class.....
Some people are just so
Really? I just want to see the picture you have in the store of the bed I want!!
I'm in love with a girl that I can never have again...
went to sleep for like 10mins and it changed my whole attitude...
my favorite day of the entire year is Black Friday,, and I wont be participating in it this year :(  depressed.
i wanna get accepted to UNH already
Driving home for christmas
I cannot fully express my love for TheOfficialA7X . They make me so happy.
Work today off tomorrow!
One of Ptbo_Canada's best bands, Argyle, are reuniting tonight at the Spill.
We always have eggrolls on thanksgiving!
After an amazing day of many bookings & an early thanksgiving feast with some amazing friends, I'm watching spirited away w/ Zak :)))
A bullet in your head
Realizing all the good things in my life.
Instead of thinking about what you're missing, try thinking about what you have that everyone else is missing.Everyone is blessed!
Whenever I go home for a little I'm all about bringing my Nike baseball shirts to show off.
Juss Got Done Listenin To Nicks Tim Westwood Interview!
Making pumpkin pie with the aunt later. yummy Atleast this week won't have been completely shitty.
fionamearns6 you know how to get to a girls heart <3
I want a another tattoo like I can't wait
It has been an interesting day. Let's make it even more in dreams. Mornight handsome & beautiful! Wish you had the most amazing dream!
I am thankful for being a Buckeye.
Don't think I have ever loved my bed as much as I do right now
_AmandaCox_ samcucci You can't tell people that I want to steal them!!!! They are going to put pictures up of me at the mall now :(
At childrens hospital for toys for tots. Giving back feels good.
Glad i have family close to me and i can spend thanksgiving with them
can't wait to start modeling Januarrry(: ahh! excited !!!
KevenSkinner these 4 haven't actually put out any good, new, original music in almost 30 years.
Good relationships doesn't just happen. They take time, patience and two people getting through all the hard times together.
Christmas caroling with my LOG family! :D yay!!
This song really sucks.
came home from christmas shopping & the continental market to a very well decorated house!
I hate when I can't tell if someone says cone or coke
Guess I'll just do some laundry and watch pirates of the caribbean all day.. join if ya waaaant
Prayers for everyone who has lost someone in this season, sincerly needed
thejakereynolds well isn't that embarrassing. Hangouts will soon commence then. Btw sunny's closed until feb.
MissAlexjones yer a star! strictlyjordan has done an amazing job with her!
He's the one guy who can always put a smile on my face why did I have to leave missouri? depressed !
stevejobs gave so many people happiness, love seeing people in dullest places like airport smiling and singing to themselves
Mary comes into town tomorrow! :D
I'm not a fan of perfume. On men or women.
Sunday morning at the cinema with my boys
Nice house, safe neighborhood, always have food, two loving parents, great friends, and an education.
Kat_Wright I didn't realise it was that close!!
Get your shit together man
i wanna see breaking dawn so badd
Snowboarding season is here!
Tomorrow is going to be a good fucking day.
One of my bestest friends coming home for Christmas...
I hate shopping with my parents
I hate wen females don't get the hint.  .Leave me the fuk alone !!!
Just checked out ARIAS red carpet pics boring everyone pretty much wore black. Looked like a night at Hugos not the Arias
Cocaine is never a solution ... unless of course, you dissolve it in water.
Florida here I come. Can't wait to be down there !
it's beyond me why I wake up this early and can't fall back asleep
that awkward moment when your boyfriend comes in your room & attacks you like a tiger...
Thank God for good people getting me through bad days!
cant wait for presents!!!!
Want to be awesome servants? 10:00am church tomorrow we are serving meals on wheels. We will be done by 12:00pm. See ya tomorrow
it kinda just hit me now that gabriellewigler is moving back to Ohio this Friday:(
Go stick your fucking head in a toilet ASSHOLE !!!!!
aaah my house is so chrismassy!
It just keeps getting better and better... I can truly say I'm
i love my frennns <3 :) and i happen to actually love today.
first time in forever that i'm actually done my homework this early
britkw they way you chew gum? If it did you would way 15lbs
xXbrianlehmanxX and I have had the WORST drive thru experiences ever!!
I get my brother must be a huge deal but holy shit mom I hope you know you have 2 other kids that are still alive!!!!!
I hate running at the track when others are here
when you leave your juice on the bus and you get home to find your mum has been shopping but hasent bought juice.
YES! Seeing friends who are finally back from college :D
It's such a turn off when women constantly r talkin to different dudes every other day
If I've learnt one thing in my short 10 months driving its that there's some right dickheads on road who havnt got a clue!
miriamkp literarychica sniff. We had do little time together yet you caught on so quickly!
Exactly a year ago today I couldn't move from my hospital bed. Oh how things have changed
my   social life is getting down.. ··
SarahMillican75  we are coming to see you in Oxford tonight because i_lippychick  is 40!! Excited,
+ de 66 milions de vue pour mistletoe.
Had an awesome day with the family..
“NCMireles: GOD is great, LORD is great! LIFE is great!! Thankful”
10bandsilove ym6, we are the ocean, asking alexandria, enter shikari, the wombats, coldplay, snow patrol,the script,the kooks&30stm
MowniH LamiYam she loves me .. she will pretend to kill me just to touch me !
Omg another lupefiasco mixtape love! ^_^
timstrike Creasey28 joezaffone he had a load of drink tokens last night
Found some rhythm eh...on them drums
id appreciate it if my mom didnt make me feel like shit..
Listening to MichaelBuble Christmas album is quite nice...esp on this early morn I head to work.
the moment when you get another follower and you cheer.
wow.. females do the most..
My phone isn't letting me text Rachel. Dammit.
christmastime. . . but no snow.
AustinMahone Remember the blue hand signed poster you sold? It took some weeks to sell out and the new one only took some hours!(:
i make desserts when im bored.. FoodNetwork
kyliebunker How many more days til we see each other? HolidayTourney Shall we set up Hot Tub Night?
Been in a solid good mood lately
im so happy i got a picture of that im shaking.....
Life is the best wish In this world the best possible thing you can have. Nothing is better.
I have the wierdest cousins but i still love them
Bought my mom a cute little bag and filled it with her favorite candies! Happy birthday mom :)
Can't believe I gotta stay another semester in the hell hole..
Booked my flights for New Year's weekend...it's official! Spending New Year's with the one and only.....Ms G Farrell! gisnikk Excited!;-)
Got a pain in my shoulder… hmm. Roll on Wednesday and Saturday
Oh stfu Olivia..y are u on the show
Today has been a great day!!(:
lilmeeka305 Mention my name...come direct...IndirectHoes_Stop cappin so much...2 popped to get a Guy so you turn to women...
Just started playing music on the train by accident
i cannot explain the amount excitment i am having right about now!!
iloveitwhen my boyfriend puts memos in my calendar that's linked to my work outlook for everyone to see embarrassing stobs9
Can't wait till my Bestie nd her gurl move back!!!!!
Reppin all 3 Rutgers uniform sponsors... Nike Rutgers soccer tshirt, black and red Asics, Under Armour backpack
Breakfast at the cafe. I miss this.
night tweeps! big game 2moz !
I want him but hes changing
katieebarry I am listening to that right now!!
How old r u?? If ur over the age of 17 u should know how to act in public. Loud talking and vulgar language is nt the proper way.
I wish I was home
The line between modern art and softcore porn seems to be blurring.
Winter wonderland - ElvisPresley clt :D
hmmm , i hate alot of the niggas my boyfriend hang w/ UGH !
Ughhhhhh c'mon PS3 stop freezing.
12 hours on sleep ..
So happy that i have my friends, they always brighten up my day..and make me smile, even if i dont feel like it..
throwing photocopier out the window in 5.. 4... 3.. 2.. 1...
WTF padosi!??! 'Chhammak Challo' on crazy loud boombox speaker system. I'm coming over to kick yo' ass!!
shell24_7 Damn, why did u have to bring that up on twitter? depressed :( :(
Watching love actually in bed
Everybody want something, You gotta want something. We all want
Watching The Princess Diaries!
Norwayne game has got my heart beating fast
B's are easy A's you gotta put some work in, 89%
Wtf taco shop, you're closed?!
Great workout and now ready for some family time and a great dinner
Love being surrounded by my friends and family
no text back from vintageflyy_. HURT \:
ToniDeion23 - wish we could be there cheering on FSU_Soccer! GoNoles TLHuster TianaRB C_Cobb16 JamiaFields4 kbuono24
Can't people just admit things?
MeAndMrJohnson_ I don't kno your number but yur so call'd family
Having a look through some beautiful sketches of my characters by Mr SamGrogan_ill
H-2 until PERSIBday , prepare for GLORY
beatlesloverSA Should I ask him today?
The internet at my house is so slow tonight, its doing my head in! :L.
DarkSkin & LightSkin is really trending ? Another way for the white man to get black people to tear eachother down..
HIGH: remembering how much I love hilarious MiamiHerald columnist Dave Barry LOW: discovering he's not on Twitter
i wanna shower wrap presents and watch ahs
March should be a good month if all goes to plan.
Mom calls me at 18:20 on a T to say something re:turkey cooking Her: Where are you, home? Me: No. I'm @ a bar. Her: OK, bye.
My mom's girl cat is really a boy. surprise!
Mommy sed dnt talk 2 strangers! So did my teachers! Pls dnt talk 2 me just coz u sitting nex2 me
All my followers are on a preschool level as far as country lyrics go
Uhhh ohhh TL getting quiet there are a bunch of obnoxious fans that are
OMGitsVannahRai lmbo, just read your new bio.
That text that instantly makes you smile <3
kavonbailey you dont even wanna know dad.
never met anyone else who farts more than DerakHeyman in their sleep.
As of 2009, there were about 520,000 kids in foster care in the U.S. alone & only 153,000 licensed or approved foster homes
justinbieber CONGRATS on UnderTheMistletoe becoming 1 on Billboard!! but really its no suprise its their because ITS AMAZING Proud 48
All in all a good night. Watched some good basketball. Bout to call it a night
Has booked her driving lessons!
Tyshawn Taylor is trending cause he cant not turn it over. disappointing.
I want to scream, pull my hair out, and punch the next person who pisses me off
L_Teasy: damn you! Ive never seen that movie
Hey Occupy Baruch, I get it, paying for school sucks. Now please get out of my way so I can get the class I paid $3K to be at.
The nerve of some people!
HANG ON. Liverpool LOST?
half the girls who tweet or make a status about a guy or love most likely don't even have a guy for it to be about
YESSSSSSSSSSSSS. CRISIS AVERTED WITH WEIRDO.
lovethatnialler MicHELL_YAH you have your own hashtag michelle!!
And...this time in 4 weeks I will be back home in New Zealand, hanging out with my gorgeous family!
I've been in the same ward for 11 years. And it's splitting today. :( depression.
3alia is here :D
He is the greatest. (:
I actually slept in today and now I'm not tired.
Not wanting to watch tv because every show I watch is going to remind me of you.
My niyah keeps me HAPPY;)
this guy keeps fukking starring at me like wtf dude.
i love my momma~ randomthought
Most embarrassing certificate handing out. Stupid woman gave me the wrong envelope....
No ones texting me :(
I like how lor Gucci is Bryan's but yet I'm taking care of her cause he's not home
Takes a $100 just to fill my truck
Scr*w it.  Let's just go home and buy Apple.  OWS Rage.
Day off in London Need to see the crystal skull at the British Museum and go for a proper English Tea with cucumber sandwiches
I dont feel like texting right now
good day in glasgow came back with all new clothes
OMG LECTURES ARE DONE. 3am. but i did every.single.fucking.one.
is blushing hardcore right meow. thanks anmcrem
Only 9 hours left to wait until the 1st episode of Desperate Scousewives!
3 more followers to 1350 !
how, at 2:30 in the morning, someone can take my parking space is beyond me
when radio presenters don't know when to shut the hell up, and you're there like BITCH JUS PLAY A DAMN SONG
Feeling a lovely warm glow after making my surrogate sis smile today
No snow forecasted for the next couple of days..
Got a Kinect adapter and installed the SDK, but apparently my PC isnae good enough captain.
Miranda_McW When will you be home we must start shopping for new years!!
Nothing like a hot bath on a cold day.
The love song   ;;  We do it for the Love ;$
This nigga stay lying like somebody stupid enuff 2 believe that shit!
Sipping on hot chocolate w marshmallows on this weather is such bliss .
lucyMURS1D yeah same here,ah we are soo alike, olly obsessers haha, yeah we can only be
Dude. Hunger Games trailer is LEGIIIIIT!
The end of Violence
The best amazing thing that i have in my life is Alexander
iamrachelcrow Oh my u were great...a success.
The tree is up! Christmas is only a month away.
To believe in love; to be ready to give up anything for it, to be willing to risk your life for it, is the ultimate tragedy.
CalliBradford if you go to Gallettes you don't go to talk the whole time
dawn_angus : If you blog about it, it becomes official ;)
I love how my mom cooks in large portions and how she has stacks of Tupperware in the cupboard of her house. :)
ReezyMind Les chargeurs de Samsung fonctionne pour les BB
my eye has literally been twitching ALL DAY
Jess_Liberatore I really wish this wasn't a problem
I miss my lap top !!!
nog 1 sdiabsiflsdnsdfj week en dan 2 wekn + 1 dag vakantie
Sometimes I see things that I thought were gone, broken, etc, then remember it was a dream. Yeah. Just now.
Yahh 28 more minutes till im off
I am officially having the worst day ever! Ugh
ahhh phone interview about to commence
Vince young just laid someone the fuck out ahaha
Correction, make that five A buses and three 9 buses. I've only been waiting for 10 minutes.
3 confirmed A's so far!
New comfy soft clothes
all my paperworks in, asvab monday.
I'll be getting my prize next week! Odyssey already texted me. Yay! The jacket is just in time for the cold season. :)
If I Didn't know You! I Would Give You Change hahah
the crowd were chanting 'one direction, one direction, one direction'
seeing some man on the bus getting frustrated by his iphone4 makes me glad i don't have an iphone, haha :)
stop udating your status and tweeting every minute.
GM to my followers
Laying in bed then studying a bit before my test
Kitty995 yes I recall, they were amazing :O are you serious? That's crazy, Wow love TopShop excited, :)
Sarah08_15 its__che such rude manners. What hope is there for him with parents like that
If you can't spell or make a coherent sentence, don't try to impersonate us. You'll just get laughed at.
I HATE BANDWAGON FANS WITH A PASSION.
Ugh! Tomorrow is going to be the most stressful day of my life, just want to get this over with already
but she mocked every word i said
Predictable boring pathetic Stoke bashing from talkSPORTDrive .
45-70 shot in I think its ready to knock something down!
It's amazing to know where you come from down to the village where your great great great grandparents lived.
Stop talking about yourself
ericsaademusic may i be the 5th fan that u'll follow?:)
IM READii TO GO BAC TO SKOOL TO SEE IF I PASSED THE WRITTIN TEST
“losthegreat101: Nothing can become some family love ... realshit”truth!
Free food n the VIP LOUNGE
HenryQs my night was good, studied, drank, tweeted, played words with friends and went to bed
Darn kid lost my charger to my phone =( this sucks balls!
It's really...not cold outside.
That feeling when you want something but you don't know what it is! Annoying :(
Every time i see sprite diet I get happy cause at first glance I think its sprite remix
Gotta revise 3 papers and then write about how i did it! Fun packed evening ahead for sure
Ew why are you being a kiss ass?
Craving for Rockstar cant wait to watch it but these egg-jaams I tell you..!
Waiting for SAT scores to be released to submit my University of California Applications.
Has really messed up. And all I need is you, and your care.
If I was at the show right now I would be crying oceans! :')
I'm writing a children's book:)
I knw 1 person hu will neva give up on me!!!
Wow my brother staid at the stop sign and let everyone go
Fell asleep last night listening to David crowder band... Have had the best day I've had in a while!
If you txt me first u should make an effort to keep the convo going
Fell up the stairs ..
I don't these females know how stupid they look when they post half/fully naked pictures of themselves..
GREAT, paraguay no figura en los trends topics
gramilano thx 4 the follow! Allamericankir.com
Make a wish, 11:11! peace # love
SoTellMeWhy when one part of my life comes together perfectly a different part of it falls apart.
All money ain't good money but this lottery ticket is on point!
Lunch here I come!!! :)
Doesn't everyone use tab to indent? Or is it just me?
Im on a Lions RetweetFrenzy right now
Tie ball game nervous....
Jules_cleophat kid i just cried a little
Leaving soon to take my test.
Gotta go now! Going to Palms tomorrow! :>
Blood is the new flavor of my food after this stupid surgery :)
If we lose to the raiders, we don't deserve to make the playoffs.
babydfc thomasmccabe89 baselstewart89 LewisDunn24 yehh im gona do the same hannah! Feelin a bit left out!!
VirginAmerica I normally praise you , but today you were a HUGE disappointment.
When i have my bachelorette party ...aint gon b no male/female skrippers....they disgusting &
The music at kins is really letting me down tonight...
Siobhan_Kay. P.s that just happened to me got a phone call of 3 network
The stupid smile that spreads across my face when a fastlife song comes up on my ipod
Education connection commercials make me want to punch people. annoying don'tsing
Looking sharp for my first job interview!
HelloKittyy16  haha I'm sorry ),: I'm STILLL coughing <\3 I think it been like 6 weeks. There's something wrong with me :/
And Moshe calls again khibamoiloa I think we should count how many times he calls me in 1day glgfkdindkmsjsajksn
I thought we might finally have a good Turkeyday NFL matchup...thanks Stafford for getting my hopes up.
can't sleep :( hubby went to work
how the heck did AustinMahone's tickets sell out THAT fast, i couldnt even get any!!!!! depressed </3
Telle_Elle You not lame u
I think I may have just ruin my knee climbing the stairs in work.
I have a unique calling, a special purpose that God created just for me!!
Jadore_DreadEmm al3xandraaaaa awwww shit ! Lol new room and new roommate for Alex ! :)
Wow. Bears lost to the Chiefs.
Love all big cats--especially cheetahs. Hate to see them disappearing.
laurenboynewby I think my hairs like the same length as yours
It's funny how you complain about what I do.. But @ the end of the day your not going any where...
Lakers vs Bulls Christmas day anxious.!!!!!!!
In pcworld have been waiting at desk for 20 mins, staff member has been polishing an ipad for the entire time
I need a girls night this brake.. MollyeObrien11 MDaack Al_Harmony and I wish more :(
woow 0-0 at professional :D
My sister dropped 25pts today at her first game in highschool! proud.
This is the first ahlbruins sunday game i missed this season
Always the third wheel in shit.
loves having my baby back!!! :) my car looks great!!
Watching recaps of
My bf and I aren't lovey dovey:)) if he ever engraves me anything it's probably say 'your fuckin crazy! Why do I even like you!?'
one week until Chritsmas... def does not feel like it :(  feels like July... my children will be raised where there is LotsOfSnow :)
Meet_Virginia_z what did I do? Lol
You're in 9th grade. You don't love your boyfriend/girlfriend.
r0ndie leuk hè? Ik mag tot 14:30!
Happy Tweet:  Maintain inner harmony at all cost.  The alternative is too expensive.
Seen FlickumJackal today and now waitin' on a visit from Giggles_dalette annd Chowdizzle!!!!!!!!!
CaroDoxie I was there through the tv...and my dreams! :)
katiefrench15 at least I change my socks , yours could knock a person out , I'm gagging thinking about it
Nothing worse than having your room in the loft when its hailstoning!
y does this year feel like my last....
The husband got me Mo Hayders latest book yesterday :) More scary stuff to read! Woohoo!
I guess tonight was a sign that I shouldn't do it.
IT'S STILL TOO DERN HOT IN THE STUDIO. My ears are turning red :( embarrassing WICB
I Cant Sleep Any Longer ! Excited !
xCherryTrix and didnt he take the kid to see his mistress?
I hate this so much! Why are things so freaking complicated!?!?
Even although I'm going to see coldplay again in less than 3 weeks.... I'm so getting tickets for the stadium tour.
helenzille the sad thing is most people will forget about blacktuesday a week from now. ANC knowing storm will pass.
gemsmaquillage no reality checks or slapping necessary.  Rather criticizing people we should strive to accept & appreciate.
home alone tonight I suppose..
Mambonista one of my dogs ate my garfield doll.
People throw rocks at things that shine.  sotrue love hannahdlyon
My family makes everything better
That ringtone goes off & once again a drunk text.
I refuse to eat a meal at mcdonalds.
WHY MUST YOU COME AT THE END OF THE MOVIE AND TALK TO ME?! I DON'T COME HOME TO LISTEN TO YOUR STUPID STORIES ABOUT THE GOVERNMENT.
Niggas LOVE anal sex.
Looking back to freshman year of college - I have changed so much.  Mostly for the better,  loving it.
Yum coffee! Huge warm cup of coffee with hazelnut syrup.
At least try to keep that shit private. Don't broadcast it to the world. annoyed :|
Another friday night without football 
70 degrees kinda ruins the feel of Christmas
driving home for christmas!!!
Sitting in the back when jessica is driving
Just got a Kurt Vonnegut book on my kindle. excited :)
Pingen met Schatje; demischoltenx love x
No matter how bad my day is, listening to Taylor Swift, John Mayer, Matchbox Twenty, and Drake never fail to make things better.
Yay! Got a summer job :D. Defs going to be back in NZ before April Amysanwaaa WillemFilm
Going over to the dark side tomorrow...nervous to be (kind of) a brunette :-/ Not sure I can pull this off!!
Narecord na ang bagong original tagalog christmas song ko! Yess!
My lil neice and nephew taught me the heads,shoulders,knees and toes song : )
ok so now im swimming in the hs meet
“Laughbook: I hate being stuck walking behind the slowest person ever..”
American Studies majors are the best. Our little platoon is still so close even when we're so far from each other.
It's hard to concentrate with loud talking Asians who smack their food when they eat.
kelseyparker_ wow that's all I get of a tweet
lil sis got good grades and cold at sports
A nice hot cuppa after a long day at college :) bliss!
Been locked in my room all day in bed crying and sleeping... Havent eaten all day or seen anyone...
Ryan Braun test positive.....how disappointing.
December 20th will never be the same for me... Ugh I need to call somebody and just talk!
I dont even know where im going today smh but im still
Can me and mac miller get married?
I thought today was tuesday then i thought it was friday
Didnt knw immortals is comin out dis weekend
justinbieber I will never abandon you, because I love you! I am a Belieber of truth. And not to call what he said about you! LOVE  13
TMeltonScouting I keep missing his plays damnit.
Wow, the NHL_Oilers are getting destroyed tonight.
wow slim dunkin died....
Cut my hair by myself and squared it up actully looks really good
On my way to the airport, destination: press conference in London!
Im glad we could end like this like friends
Was a lil excited....
Jackass 3.5, what a night.
My TL has been a little boring tonight
Inbetweeners movie wasn't as funny as I thought
Why do I always sleep in past my alarm?!
p_pautler YES YES YES YES YES YES :)
Having these flashbacks sucks and just makes me pissed off at the world.
No game, just love..
you dont need to tweet about what your going to wear everyday...
knitting like crazy making Christmas gifts for a friend.
natandalex  so me and my sister stayed up last night nosleep and one of the music video's from TheNakedBrothersBand came on!
Sincerely, a girl whos heart can't take any more pain!!
My bank acount is looking so lonely right now you.
got girly goodies for my fave little georgia peaches from zulily today jenmcafee
i just want a beautiful, loving, trustworthy, funny, smart girlfriend that can roll a perfect joint. is that too much to ask for?
My Love Is Your Love , Your Love Is Mineeee
Apple just because your stores boast a 2 to 1 staff to shopper ratio doesn't mean you're helping customers out
it's the weekend.
Bt Why My Brother Just Came Home Outta No Where surprise Lol
Sharon just pushed the door that says pull at Michael's.
got something to do now but i cant cos ive said il babysit and i cant get there.
no messing around tomorrow. Wouldn't be looking forward to it if I were in your guys's shoes.
choreographing awesome zumba tracks only to forget them the next day... annoying !
I've misplaced Tangled.
findng nemo is by far the best movie.
Eeee 2 weeks today its christmas :D
thewillofdc Hey Will, how are you doing? thank you for making super awesome youtub videos! i
why is it whenever i lay down on the couch i have to piss?!
Looking at some cool typo tee designs over TypoTees website. Will be making my own tee design in a couple of weeks.
Nice surprise to get in my friends car to hear macklemore playing
Facebooooooook, why you no upload my photos?!?!?!
Thumping to some good shit glad the subs are Back in this car
About to shoot kole and the dogs right in the face
mattfrandsen I like it, can't go wrong with any of our 3 jerseys. Unless u buy DWill and they trade him a month later Anger!!
not only does twitter let me hear all the latest news, thanks to yall i always know whats on tv right now.
I think my family is leaving in a little bit to go to rocky mount
I'm so happy to be back in my hood :)
Why do I make you my everything knowing that I'm nothing to you?
Artık kulaklıklarım var. Uuu excited <3
dylanhendrixxx lmao yupppp. LATRICE. I already know.  
The price you pay when you rock a shmedium in this house
Random boners in class
Breaking Dawn with my sister soon.
Man I tell you CarrollLifeStyl drimks like a girl
Who wanna stay up all night and talk?
Got my breaking dawn ticket for tonighttt!! :D
Hate to say it but the Lobos suck. WAY overrated. Things need to change real quick if they're gonna compete with anyone
Counting down I'm just so ready
I hate ad breaks on tv
shuyingk i know right! someone bring tequila! I'm already thinking of what to cook
At home... Well at the king of prussia mall
LT Erykah said she was droppin an album this year with the Cannabanoids, too. Disappointed .
Me broertje is zoo lief <3
Boys are so happy, can't remember he was home on a weekday evening. Too long ago in their short life. Big changes to come!! Happy!
So i'm hoping she got my iphone & trying to surprise me
Hoes thinking they the shit cause they lost some weight
Ya gotta be joking. Y is dis guy fucking drilling this early on a damn Saturday morning!
U get up at 3:00 in the morning....ta make donuts -_- smh
I like to touch people
These red neck in my 5th pd. class! They are sooo annoying O.o
Fed Up... Need something new
Able to study for geography thanks to my boys(: thankful!
Go to work when it is dark out and get off when it is dark...
I saw the TT LieToMe  and I thought it was because of my favorite show...
Going to see K_Bell10 tomorrow
just realized i didnt get to use the ouiji board
If you only knew
Back from pulse, lul it was alright actually
Goin out on the town tonight with the girls
You honestly make no sense so shutup
Had a wonderful Birthday! About to lay down and watch John Bevere on TBN later tonight! Excited 4 what this next year holds!
Mmmmm first chocolate of the month...the countdown begins =]
cosign x10RT Dee_thickest4u: I can't stand attention seekers
It's so obvious that no one in seminar class today read the readings... Including the teacher. embarrassing ohwell JJDanens DreammBIG
Mike and Ike. grape. happiness.
Perth pride tomorrow :) excited
So I woke up at 8 to study for my test at 12 and out of 5 chapters I have read...1 page
MsLeahE dang I'm not getting a christmas card??? hurt. lol
This Week Of School >>>>> LOVE !!
Taking my last finals tomorrow then off to Disney
When Drake's Sprite commercial comes on I get really happy ((:
Some people can be such loud ass eaters soo early in the morning
secondhand serenade was honestly awesome. can't decide what was better....the acoustic version of vulnerable or their cover of fix you
The high school smells like poop
When people put up pics on fb n say like this if you think I'm cute... You really need other people to boost your own self confidence?
thewantedmusic no, don't nothing all day :( not even got out my pjs depressed </3
Break's over, school tomorrow
Why cant i ever sleeep!
100% on my history test :)
the awkward moment when your shitty bc your momnever lets you do anything..
HannahStevens8 you're like one of my favorites  love (:
Can't be bothered with  mixing a face scrub.  It helps that I have got all my lovely Arbonne stuff to hand.
She's all I'm thinking about right now . . . Stupid country music
i hate social with the passion
im so angry, i didnt even spell now right i said know.
I'm about to freak the fuck out right now!
Gonna make my first carrot cupcakes in an hour! :)
HattyRyan  yess some IK is going
My advent chocolate was a christmas tree exciting!
I guess I'm more fortunate than some
Clearly this isn't flip flop weather, but I left my Uggs at school, and running shoes look awful with skinny jeans.
My arm = FUCKED
NathanTheWanted why can't you come to canada so I can see your faaace! :'( depressed x
Just realized I'm using my iPad upside down...
KovacErika LMAO yes a maid would be AWESOME! :D I am a bit the same...
Missy is always so fucking cranky in the morning.
cold and rainy day
I can always do my eye liner perfect on one eye, but not the other.
HELLO CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS! so happy to be finally done school!
Suga_Town69 Bahahahaha...walkin around trying to look cute with snot running down their nose...
Bouta get dis lady to sign mii graduation form... :) proud !!!!
scented candles burn as the jazz sax flows through the air np  I Should Care - Hank Mobley
I really wish he would wake up and answer me :(
BAKayza_UP I refuse to love you back until you come back to school.
Honestly 2day MF are on pure BS, customer service is at a all time fuckin low! I left alot of spots today & kept my jolly Xmas mood!
All uma do is SMH on here!
MacMiller  you make my days better , i love you !!! <3
Wish I cud disconnect my heart from my brain so I won't have 2 think about love.
I just dont like men who make sound like yelling while they are yawn
Practicing my liverpool accent for uni
Going to try my first big mac. (:
tomecurran total bs call.  They made it up.
And thass whyy i don't have sex with  everything that wlks stds &  stis  & junkk! Disgusted.
The one I loved don't even fuckin speak or look my way nomore
When will it ever get better?
shikarahowes I'd come if I had minutes...
One more day of school, again how POINTLESS.
i think im being subtweeted lol
Well that was something I coulda gone without hearing
love never looked at who you are,, never wanted you more  than what it is you always!
well, i mean if nothing else is right today, at least leslie on the staff at dave told me my nails look gorgeous
Andrew; what's your favorite christmas song? mosershwag2 : anything Bieber.
wizardcud ur giving me blue balls for the WZRD album!
“xNotoriousJAY_ What if she aint even talking bout me ! That would be embarrassing. . .”
SinaRed My type of party!!! Lol excited!!!
So THANKFUL for my FAMILY and friends! You know who you are. And my beautiful girlfriend hildyhahn!
When you put all your trust in someone just to find out they're a two faced bitch
On a brighter note, he's going out in a bit...house to myself so I can watch shit tv and fall asleep without being ranted at
I'm happy to have a job that pays my bills and shopping habits and let's me be close to my bf counting my blessings tonight
neka_b Kokobrowneyes kkay614 I didn't receive a call from an unknown number.. so guessing no one n jail or hospital
probably one of the best weekends in a long time
Oh well, better luck next year.  Vince Young looked suicidal once he hit the sidelines.
VAStefanescu someone was wearing one tonight in the lib! disgusting!
anoosie811 thank goodness!!! I don't know what I would've done without my anoosie
I know more than you think I know.
No puedo creer que ya solo falten 10 dias para volverte a ver
Tired but can't sleep.
mistletoe on 104.5 love justinbieber
Getting ready to print off mine and Adamholley14 BlakeShelton tickets!
Nu Love...Nu Ciara..Nu Nicki..Nu Brandy...Nu Money...AND GRADUATION...ALLLL N 2012! EXCITED!
Why do I always wait till the last minute to finish projects.
Mum is stil nt back 4m work! worried!
“blackmamba252: God is good in so many ways that people don't even recognize. thankful”
Studio time...ohhhh yeah
Sandra Bullock killing it in McQueen.
Sat in front of a rather large gas heater
Stop yelling me what to do over and over it just makes me not want to do it at all
Thanksgiving On D-Block & My Whole Fam Here Fuck Is Up?!
Am not looking for many different things Am looking for one perfect thing LOVE.
Set me free, leave me be. I don't wanna fall another moment into your Gravity.  
I wanna go back to my room & sleep the day away!
canadianboy17 PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!! DREAMSDOCOMETRUE please notice me trying hard since the beginning :) <3 <3 <3 proud BELIEBER 35
why do people dedicate tweets
BDO E-banking system down..
Love spending time  wit my parents..
can't even talk to the bf more than a max of 2 min in one day without him being interrupted, two phonecalls-total of 2 min.
NP Late Nights & Early Mornings ....
pariisjaxn I FOLLOWED RomeoHodges FOR YOU <3! DO U CAN FOLLOW ME BACK? PLEASE pleasee(: FOR MEE? :3
The only way you know anything about me is because I tweet, if you're just going to ignore my texts unfollow me too.
New Website is under Construction!
It's hard to tell with some people whether things are premeditated, or whether they're just that stupid. annoyed.
Don't you just love getting your phone disconnected for no reason? thanksalotAT&T
diva_ex_machina it was a great wedding indeed, followed by a fab camping honeymoon along the NSW & VIC coast eating oysters... happy :-)
aviolette333 your the one who got me there :)) ps I already knew that :)
Living the dream, lying in bed listening to the gorgeous husky sounds of Rod Stewart
Thanksgiving=eating till you can't
They Shot, Andd Killed An 2Yr Old, Andd Dha Mother
Teddy Grahams are really hard to catch with your mouth!
Why the fuck is it so cold
but this day next week is christmas!! excited :D
SammieLouiseKay ah right you make it sound like a bad thing that you bump into me
Smh na its 2late for me to go
time always go faster when you don't want it too..
jarred_blow no i got it lol
ew just sneezed snot all over my arm and tshirt
moriahp831 should've came out with me tonight girl
Sunrise, taxi ride home from Sky, headphones
I swear he just makes EVERYTHING so much better by just talking to me. Doesn't even have to be physically present.
so, i have a friend who is reading some of my fiction for the first time tonight.
PaigeFetters21 justbenganster nashtienash westonblystone alecborg I've been thinking about it all day
Hello my dear tweeps! Its a musical day so Lets rock it!! Put the stereo LOUD and turn up tha BASS!!
I freakin hate this book.
Talked to my brother tk last night. i missed him. glad he coming to my dinner. he doin so good
friends are not like they used to be, i miss being young
Wrestling quad tonight. YAY. love :)
Hate that the computers r down at work. I need to finish charting
Made a compilation CD for my daughter today, and all day I've had that ruddy Cher Lloyd song stuck in my head!
Brileigh and Kayla were here we love you !!!<3
IReallyMiss talking to Oomf but I won't tell them that EVER
I honestly could give 2FUCKS bout wat anyone thinks about us. This is just me and you so Why care?
Some people on twitter are
Someone should let me call them & read my speech to them (:
I would go out for Black Friday but honestly I have everything I could want and don't need to have pointless shit
why is it that my bed always feels nice whatever time of the day I decide to get in it..
Christmas tree FINALLY going up!
RichyMilfordNV hey:)!  fancy tweeting me back today;)!  Cause you havent now in like 2 week:( depressed, <3(:
Feeling festive with the crimbo tunes blasting in the car...I'm such a child at times
Today is a great day :)
Just ruined my finger nails that I spent so long to do
why does no one ever answer their phone?
K_Demeritt Katie just stop. Your making a fool out of yourself
Sitting at home with coreyanderson89
dorindaletitbe napcat1947 & that's definitely an orthopedist that does that?
oppositesattract always.. But yet again it's nice to have some important things in common
I always try to remember how extremely lucky I am.
Last week of the Internship..the end couldn't come faster..
I may not have much but I do have a family that loves me and a warm bed at night.
ready to go to some basketball games!!!
MyAmbition_lex yea true statement cus it's messing with me ...
not in the mood too do anything
Only 20 days til I see my family again. I miss them very much.homesick.
KateBeirness , you do know that dutchysc is falling for you! One boy, one girl, two hearts beating wildly!!!!
Off to see Santa today on the North York Moors Railway!
n_morgenstern oh crap she does!
Hands Down Im In My Chest.
drinks at the W hotel...
'And thats the one label that never goes out of style.'
Why do u have to send me mixed signals!?
step parents that never belive a word you say.
MaryCatherine06 You hit 2,000.
It's so hard not shopping for myself, but in doing it :)
keyawntay iflow420 yall niggas played with me during cupid. hurt lmao
i want a lot of things in this world but God always provides me with what i need.
Working in the math lab. Joy :/
AjVanNatta here I am at work on pizza sunday.. There's no pizza.
Oh, hello there, boy in cammies.
emilykbater Oh Comely just retweeted my blog!!
some people were literally put in my life to mess up plans. i know it.
I dont want to go to the dentist today :x
I hate my school, wouldn't send me home when I'm nearly being sick and have the worst pains ever.
Talkmaster I listen every day.
Gotta get through this last week!
its soo depressing coming onto twitter and seeing that justinbieber isn't following me
Just realised today is shortest day of the year - the Winter Solstice. Hurrah - its downhill to Summer from here
Jesus,for all that you have done I will thank you,for all that you are going to do !
I wish my teachers would post my final grades!
Aaaand it looks like the goddamn Italian strikes are going to cause me problems in getting home. Sigh.
LydiaBeerens OMG, I JUST FINISHED IT! Proud.
last class canceled! lettheweekendbein can't wait for mary and jon to get here
_WillMac can't believe I haven't been following already
I just touched the ball though!!
finna look like an olympic track meet wit all these batons we passin around !! S/O to Mottey n Dro !!
Why do I ALWAYS wake up at 5:00 a.m.?!
wondering what new shoes we are getting today at work
At westfields on my own
Pebble8 absolutely agree with you, currently working on the next campaign exciting !
mum came home drunk last night
I hate when hot guys are gay
me & my brother Randingo_ might fuss & fight but at the end of the day its all love ((:
smh i got to go to work at 5 :(
5 more days till christmas and then my birthday:) sooo excited but seriously where has the time gone??
I'm going to bed with a million things on my mind...
If your a pussy and skip a class when you knowingly have a test your a fuck and man up and come to class like the rest of us.
I think the Bills feel good season is starting to go down the tube.
A day with my princess
There is a lot of good basketball on tonight
going to sleep thinking your going to wake up with texts and you wake up with none
Lord I wish I could have recorded that prayer.
I don't care what anyone says, I do not like Taylor Swift
PalookaJoe just seen this tweet - sorry! Will DM you my email.
My Lul'Bro finally past me in Tweets .
cachedout And ev'ry other red, white & blue-blooded American. BTW, I've just unhinged my rib cage after a full harvest feast.
Exactly one month from my birthday!
Just found out we get out early today.
How dare she give start class after an exam!?!?!
eh force to be in albany ALL week.... no one to hang with...
“AlisonPaige73: morganXhahn   I miss you already bro:( depressed” ):
antonwestwood They've casted me to be his boyfriend, they apparently wanted me to kiss him ? I said my lips are for 1 person, anton!
John Tucker Must Die is so great, wish I grew up in the USA!!
IsraelLoves that that despicable other hashtag isn't trending anymore. Congratulations, friends -- we did it! Through love. :)
Nah fuck you kid, I needed you and you knew it
dear crazy last minute shoppers, pls don't come into the store and ask y we've sold out of everything you looked at 3 months ago.
amandaprivatt not skinny enough. I'm actually starting to lose weight
I heard ItsJasonTyme be long stroking...
HollyHuckabee17 you get to see me tomorrow! And I get to see you! 
There is so much food in this house and I cant eat it yet
Tour Tickets Booked To See MrPeterAndre In Dec 2012 Excited xx
- MY SISTER IS NOW AN ALBANY STATE ALUMNI!!!! one graduated in May & the other DEC (today)!!!
11.11.11 friday i'm in
Had 2 separate major issues with my old Dell computers.I need a laptop.Are they worth it?Have they improved?Dell DellCares
Llh he got niggas liking his pictures I wonder do they know he a boy
Just got another burst  of excitement for SWATH for no reason other than how amazing it's going to be. Anxious SnowWhite palakspatel
Please Santa, I'd like to be better at typography this Christmas.
i want to marry her so bad ;o ! She's more then beautifull . When i look at her i feel like im in heaven ;$ , i dunn want to loos her
Shout out to calhountubbs. I've known this fool for 11-12 years now.
Alexandra_Hodas ohhh u know it.
Well that's depressing
Some music needs air. Roll down your window and let it breathe.
My grandpa had his windshield wipers on full blast and it's barely sprinkling...
Huhu i think i have a pimple :((
Y not take away ppl that don't value Life, like MURDERERS!! My cousin was 1 of the most loving ppl I know!
Great night with oomf
Twilight midnight showing tomorrow & LeeEvans friday wooo, so happy!
McDonald's sweet tea!
mkdunphy you forgot me...bitch.
This afternoon I've wrapped everyone's presesnts..watched crimbo films and had lots of cuppa tea's! happy x
DerekGilbert2 d_manwaring wow you got beat by Dylan in a video game?
mollysully18 you have not met jan she is one of the moms that will yell I LOVE YOU out the window and everything shes so
iSheena352 i didnt no no better.....you took advantage of me
Archbishop Molloy on Friday
Moms said she gone camp out with me those Concords...
Taking a mental shot of this moment
Sisterhood event with my amazing sisters ΦΣΣ
mariamcgreal So i was just facebook stalking and she calls me babe WAYYY too much!
So nervous about this Kansas state bball game
Day 1 of scrum PO class today in montreal. Good discussions. Thx guys.
Thank you Father for Tonight. You are truly my world, the One I love! No on could ever take your place.
just got a call from little ceaser's for a job interview at 430 today :D excited!
having a hard time looking at these sales on-line and not buying anything
Where's my Bff wen I need her!
just booked newcastle with the lads
I want to punch Arkansas' coach in the face...
Just saw Breaking Dawn and can't wait to see it again! Who's in???
willgIV yea man you missed out
Justinbieber I just TOTALLY love ur look now, pierced ears, SEXY hair....
Twitter keeps unfollowing people
I didn't like last night's Psych.... I thought it would be so much better!
It feels good to have  someone you know loves you as much as you love them
kristaa424 me too! Hahahaha it gave me the thought. We're Melting Pot rewards members...
The teacher evaluator fell asleep
I wish my phone would stop picking up BT Fone and Openzone wireless when I can't use it
3 days until I can schedule my classes,
You ask a question, they dnt respond for a bit. Then when they do respond, they dnt answer the question.
what we're doing, doesn't include anyone else.
It seems like I'm always giving advice and helping people out with they relationships but u still can't find
Going to psychology to do a presentation! Mherr
Creep neighbors...lol
no volleyball this year depressed )':
Blew some money, got myself a few presents, feelin quite
Where ever I go, whatever I do you will always be with me. Thank you!
New favorite artist, Tank, don't know how I haven't heard of him before.
Fostaaaa MaddisonEclipse wish I had a person so I could make a sign! I want a sign too :/
If I played for the Steelers I would never take off the uniform.
MiaMendozaa waiting for her to text back   Annoyed  :)
Never have kissed someone on new years eve..
justinbieber  U're very big for me !! urs spanish beliebers love u <3 RT and followed mee please is my big dream
Maiisarawr rollie pollie olly !! Lol, k. Ahaha, I am watching repeats. My internet crashed and I can't download more.
My vacation startin befor xDopeBeauty_Nay lol
Finally found the time+motivation to play around with some of my own creative projects today.
Sick park job... Dont worry you're not taking up five spots or anything
georgegamble93 benkingsnorth ive got to wait till june! :(
Milits22 no ma si sono bevuto il cervello? è troppo tempo!
How many boys does it take to order jimmy johns? Answer: three
backlash0027 Oh, wow. That's great! Even I need to fix my German…it's not as good as it should be.
GraceKey11 graceeeyyyy!! Bet u haven't heard that in a while
Why do bad things happen to amazing people?
My Sweet 16 Tonight <3
Alright looks like I'll be going to school without a bookbag or any of my homework done.
Gawker Why won't she just go away ?? linsaylohan needs help not house parties, hope she learns b4 its toofuckinglate. Sad...
Sooo much energy right now.
Why does it have to be me that's wide awake at this time writing stupid status' to entertain myself :(
My sister _BadAssJoe only fucks with me when she want her hair done or want me to buy her something!
MatthewRaymondB In that Case ok ... Oh yeah, do u know it's been 2 weeks since I had my last McDonalds ??? :D
Hate being jet lagged
Goodmorning everyone , thank God for waking me up. thankful.
i hope he's okay ):  worried .
SnarkySav timtebow pinterest he is soooo yummy
ifyouseekzoe honestly felt like a failure
It's my birthday and I'm at work... What a waste
justinbieber i find it but i didn't win :( --- :) but a lot of kids will be happy this christmas!! that makes me happy 33
My parents are so frustrating.
Since when do people say 'Coun' instead of 'Country' ... I really hope this doesn't catch on
Stop interrupting my awesome song repeat with your stupid commercials.
Done with my paper finally!! Now to study for my English exam
getting stupid crazy with these new club bangers :DDD newmusic Inphnity
Broertje gewonnen met 4-1
So many episodes of Law & Order showing consecutively on Fox and Diva today.
I love my sister!! Laura_AllStar
I love my mum and dad to bits! love.
Insomnia needs to hop off my dick...
i feel that austinmahone has something against me.he wnt follow me baq,RT anything,favorite anything from me. :(
Its crazy to think that if my dad didn't do that surgery this summer, he would be dead right now.
whats the use of Sky without Premiership football....
Ughhhh Watermelon Thru It Off!
My grandparents are officially on their way to Nashville. Without me. Let the jealous crying commence.
Like strawberry wine and seventeen, the hot July moon saw everythinggg
The glorious moment when u find the £20 u forgot u put in your oyster card wallet
Just A Bad Day All Together.
Ready for the parade<3
Just purchased a new old bike
Who would have an ugly thanksgiving sweater with turkeys on it?
        - It’s Time to Take Action!
These peanut M&M's are nothing but Love !
Did not see enough of JVReemer21 on flyers-rangers 24/7 last night!
Fire mcdaniels! ramnation he's a bum, he is running s Bradford, hasn't done anything since Brady
dannywood Thank you for the inspiration. :)
It's 2011 people!!! Can we all please be Mac friendly already?!??
Please send thoughts or pray for Judy who's husband wasn't breathing when the ambulance took them away.  depressed.
I think I'm to blessed for my own good!!!
assuming the postal service is just overwhelmed. i really wish i could see the whereabouts of my tonxcoffee and HandsomeRoaster
My heart goes out to y'all living hard atm, keep ya head up...God will make things better or bring you up to heaven to join him. love <3
SMH Ughh...Bitch Ass Niggas these days.
En ook 6,8 voor gs!
Who sends out a bc every hour saying 'hi'
kgaburo18 Thanks for all the notifications.
Giving thanks for it all
kleinevmusic I love your music!
im waiting on Mrs.Right to come push me over so i can fall
Screw you uni and your useless car park, I waited 45mins for a space! You epically failed at handing out barrier access cards.
3 text and thats it. This is pathetic. If your not trying neither am I..
Omg I'm always on twitter but I like don't right anything
sabrinapotterr wish you weren't so busy
Love my family tho!
Don't hashtag on facebook youlookdumb and it's quite
I meant to say I must be the only person who doesn't have an advent calender.
REMEMBERMENINAB In Philly and Just got the confirmation Nina Killed tonight's performance SOBs
I'm thankful for having so many of my needs met. Even the ones I don't deserve.
Watching Phantom of the Opera.
I love the way he smile, I love voice of his breathing at night while he sleep, I love his perfume it kill me, l love my husband.
Liife is Too Damn Short To LIIVE
yoodle please get a life
waiting for you is like waiting for rain in this drought useless and
If yu cnt go out dis weekend cause u only got $8. Bitch u
10 more dat til my bday!!! love:)
If my mom bought a lot of junk food, I would be ginormous
TaylerPatrom22 blessedwthegame awe I can't wait to see y'all tonight!!:)
Listening to country music en route to nana and papas with the fam!
I honestly can't picture my life any different. happy. :)
Christmas decorations going up, Cowboys football on TV, and I don't have to deal with the whole family until tomorrow
Is this all there is to this? frustrated lurlur angelbritanico MhaiCabz padaquigan KATR1A
Finally i'm done cleaning up now i'm bout to eat some chicken lol jp probably some left over pizza!!
Nashville trip is underway...
Moge! Het is weer maandag en glad!
what a shit night
I really hate when I wear new fleece and then a seatbelt comes along to eat it....
Can't wait for dinner w/ my fave girls :D
There's always that one kid during finals that takes the whole hour when everyone else is done
lorymichael What an amazing picture! Aside from the airplane, it looks heavenly. LOVE :)
News flash people: Lyla Garrity is on Parenthood as Max Braverman's behavioral aid. And she's not married to Jason Street.
God give me the power to Live, to Conquer, to Love.
mike_otis ah michael thank you for FF my handsome guy.. You a man of our time!
Well my dinner consisted of 50 piece mcnuggets from mcdonalds .
lafouine78 Bonne night... i go to the bed to
people piss me off
Overall this is easily one of the worst years of my life
_Dar5han @.@ LOL send me the link. I still have 8.
Looks like my old friend is back, lets just say this, one more time just for old time sakes
elizagrace_ Of course you can put it up. I'd be shattered if you didn't
Bemanke shoot me. In. My FAACEE.
I Can't Wait To Move & Go To My New School (:
Just saw abc link truck outside topshop.
yesterday was fun fun fun! untill that bitch ruind it , she's dead to me...  ready for your grades?! excited!
I officially spend more time wishing my phone would do stuff than actually doing stuff on it.
OMG I'M SO GLAD TO SEE THEM. IT'S BEEN A WHILE, like almost a year.
When ppl tweet each other instead of texting <
And no guy will ever see me cry over him....FUCK that noise.
Porque Estar Triste Si Para Dios No Eres Invisible! :)
Oklahoma St lost to Iowa St. that means Alabama is back to number 2 again.. Excited..
The 49ers Might Be The 2nd Best Team In The NFL
tswizzler13 aww just sitting down before getting ready for state...
Don't come and scream in my ear asking for something and expect to receive it
DaveyRead georgeroff alicelalley vishnunathan kateclarkx Maybe you should put it on silent? I'm gunna prank call you to be annoying :P
Anybody else want to shoot the guy of the 'Go Compare!' advert!
I havent been in this big of a life cycle since i was like 12
Still got to load the truck and take it all to storage
God will provide what we need
Any day above ground is a good day for me
excitedly looking for snow every morning.
2 more days :)
my mood>>>>>> haven't felt like this in a while
Kenyan football jerseys manufactured in Indonesia.
making someone fall in love with you is one thing, having the person fall in love with you without making any effort is another thing.
jaedegner I wanna see these tears of joy
about to go get my belly button pierced..
Ooooohhh weeeee, can't wait to be home!!!
toribeckham sarafrese103 palebetch coralinesays that last tween might easily have been the saddest thing ever to read.
5Cloudia94 aha yeah :D i actually cant wait till xmas
justinbieber follow me please?? 15MILLIONBELIEBERS PROUD 6
actually finished my essay.. (y)
Out to dinner with the fam. Great way to celebrate the birthday.
YaBoyStu I will never miss it again.
Just got off work and got paid;)
Didn't get carded at redlobster happy 21 bday celebration
So goodnight twitter Goodnight justinbieber amazing to see you give back. Follow me back! And goodnight to you CodySimpson check DM!
It's meant to snow in the mountains tonight...which means in a week or so it will be down in the valley!
No this girl did not jus ask me what a strap-on feels like lml
TobiasUriarte javiersoltero I have to work too... the good thing is that I'll be comforted by PearlJam... and for that I'm
Just booked train tickets to go see WillLyon93 next week!! :D
justinbieber Wow! I love the video AlliWantforChristmasIsYou. I LOVE HOW YOU DANCE!, I LOVE THE MUSIC, I LOVE EVERYTHING! PROUD 20
GeorgiexHx I'm good thanks, im not that impressed at the moment! what u think?
cameronleahy didn't have any funny or unusual tweets today.
I get so annoyed when little kids won't stop talking. I can't even understand what some of them are saying half of the time
My birthday is getting closer and closer
K thats cool too...
About to start watching breaking dawn part 1 with nolz123 wooo
I've never been on a real OFFICIAL date ! Lol thats
In studio shooting today and its raining.... Perfect combination..
Dont txt me randomly if ur not plannin on writing back
I'm trying to be careful with it this time.. Last time I gave it away for nothing..
I really hate cars.. I shoulda jus kept my little Toyota and never got a new car in the first place!
Fuck man I dnt even know wtf to do with myself!!!
justinbieber if i tell you that i can't stop see AllIWantForChristmasIsYou, what you will think about me? haha, i loved! PROUD 14
EmmaStudley1 hahaha I sang that in math today. All I had was Kieren and Harrison...
What's up with all these happy family christmas cards on my fridge from strangers... No one is really that happy..
I can't believe I have a fro... I used to have such anxiety showing my real hair.
sergiowastaken Yay! That's my stick! It looks so pretty :)
Cuppa -t's make everything better
Man, am I thankful for the sunshine this morning! My window blinds are being opened up for the first time all week :)
dont take your anger out on me
blackmirror and chilli chocolate
Watching Eric_of_Amber play Skyrim. He just equipped himself with two swords and then asked why I was laughing.
coach_jcampbell did you see that last play?
I wish I knew why I can't seem to do anything right. I'm a fucking failure. depressed.
Rubenstein asks why Brazil, India, Russia and South Africa can't support democracy in MENA now.
Wrapping night with sisters, mommy, and the aunts.
This time last year it was snowing where I live.. depressing :o
I'm Not Tranferrinq Out Of Newtech Yuh Guys ! (: Happy .
My TL still Live
Gonna Go See My Sister During Christmas Break <3 Excited <3
FUCK! I forgot i had coffee. Now it's cold. Oh well I don't mind cold coffee at all.
Off to the job interview!
I hate when it rain..............
I hate wenn people ruin my mooddd Annoyed >_<
Today's schedule: Dance, go home, dance Christmas party!!!!!!(:
lmao u goin to hell “djchicken504: No music links or TeamFollowback tweets ThankFul”
omg my phone jux deleted my pics!!!!!!!! Sad!
At moms for the week
I hate people who have really breathy, asthmatic laughs.
Since your a crybaby and not going to practice how am I supposed to get there? annoyed.
jkkjay I'll be in between your house, Blake_Man_51 family, gpa & gma over january 1-9th!
All of my classes are empty from ap Spanish trip
I just snapped my toothbrush.. how is that even possible
My grandpa's cancer is in remission! Yay! Such good news! :D
Woo tweeting from an iPhone! - it isn't mine but I want to keep it! :( and i convinced my friends to listen to BTR today! proud haha ;D
PRCBrownie :-( I seemed to have missed a great Tuesday tv date
np Finger Food by Benny Benassi.
I can buy u n whoever da mikes if I really wanted tooo
Just got off da fone with Mi Bae he want me to spend da day with him
Got the gift for my dude's birthday he's gonna love, and to top it all of I have a few surprises up my sleeve planned 4 him!
i cant wait for college
TonnyKM ha! Good idea but tonight am too tired for even that!!!
Five hours later.....the crib is set up!
I tweet better when I'm drunk lol sad.
When Kirema cheats in tic tac toe.
Nowplaying Hip Hop is Dead -Nas. I used to listen to this dog over and over and thought I knew things about hip hop lmao
Date tonight!! Like a real date!!
Time for presentation no. 2
Can't sleep cuz my bro sick so he sleepin in my room...and the mf snorein ugh
Jennifer! Its been FOUR DAYS!! at least we have the AMA's now :D LOVE JLo
less than two weeks til i get my iphone (:
Having a movie night with my love never sounded so good.
Jacks listening to System of a Down, BVB, BFMV and My Chemical Romance. I can hear him singing along :)
Love when I check my lazy unfollow app, and click no do not tweet this.then  It tweets it anyways.
4loveofreading Politics is not about democracy anymore, its all about business And lots of money for the ones in control.
As much stress as it has caused me, I love my biology lab book. Looking back on labs makes me proud.
Poopie evening running across orannge to find spray paint! whydoesnobodyhaveit?!
Thankful for my family, friends, and everything God has done for me! Happy
is soo ready for christmas!!!
I do this to my self efff :/
I get to finally see my family today!!!
I dont wanna come home to an empty bed tonight :(
Nvr got that 35,005 tweet U-U
Sometimes you gave up on someone not because you dont care but because they dont
Not having much luck on my celebrity watch :(
Love sleeping the day away with my pups
Can't even bring myself to go to Glory Days with the swim team, too disappointed in my performance
hunter_1919 you need to work on your spelling babe.
np Wale the ambitious girl, ON REPEAT. when im agitated, down or simply moody this ode gets me pumpin
Shame I'm still dizzy from getting turned inside out by the slowest right back in the world
kenjfuj no manners! You are right about that,
Congrats to my wife who just landed an amazing graphic design freelance contract for a multinational's forthcoming print ad campaign.
Temping for the first time early in the morning.
kgnilyak29 Yay! I really hope it works out for me to do it! I'm talking to my counselor tomorrow about it! That'd be so fun!
i hate when people make their fb status the same as their bbm status and tweet.. like you really only need it in one place..
Being in a friendly, I want to talk mood.. But no one responds to me
That awks moment when you see Pearl Brady shopping with her husband and at southgate
I don't want to be awake right now. Too tired and too cold.
I Really Can't Wait Until I Find Out The Results For The Job I Want
My phone privileges will be revoked tonight. I can feel it coming. excited posth54
How can English go from my most loved subject to my most hated in one night? Oh yeah!
Hasn't slept this late in a long time
Officially applied for the ESPN summer marketing internship...please pray for me!
HOW YU SAY A NIGGA THE SAME AGE IS YU IS YOUR ROLE MODEL
So u tlk about me n im sittin rite here like really dats wat we do now
av8orgal zambezi86 Ha! Good plan! I'm gonna' go take full-advantage of it being Sat. and take a feakin' NAP! :)
When people text me like 3 times because I don't respond the first time. If I didn't answer there was probably a reason.
oomf always saying some shit to get attention. ANNOYING.
Kimbella a JUMP. Yandy a wanna b, Chrissy a thug, Somaya a mess, Emily depressed, and Oliva thnks she is beyonce lmao =
Has a car alarm ever done any good?
Yeah its Monday and we're all back to reality, but in my head I'm still livin' that dream.
Whoevers telling my mom about my tumblr really needs to stop.
We've gone viral ~ shoot_moi
If I don't text you back don't message me through Skype or Facebook
Going to sleep like a baby now. Up early to decorate the Christmas tree (finally) & catch up on my magazines.
BWeaver5 and drive all 15mins
Lazy dayy before work!
I have no feelings in my hands..
really, really, really wants the LeapPad Explorer for my little princess for Xmas!!
Treat me like shit, get treated like shit!!
I have finals in 3 weeks!!
thinking of a really good joke about somones tweet but not knowing them well enough to say it :(
Well, I think I have a shot at a B in reactor, so that's good.
When your mom makes you eat a salad and your sister is eating fries next to you -_-
First outing with russelldumas and Mar to chik fil a!! Making progress!
I swear ppl dnt know how 2 answer da fone deez days
I want a boyfriend...tired of being single
My middle name rymes with my first name.
Grilled a steak for the first time by myself tonight. **pops collar** it was totally edible!
Can't wait for another fresh trim! Lol
WHY DOES SPICE WORLD ONLY HAVE ONE STAR ON IT'S RATING?!? >:O
stop feeling sorry for yourself and do something about it.
Steady prayin in his name..
Are you fucking joking me?
One team, one mission
These refs suck some major Dick and these parents are bout to get slapped if they don't shut up.
Finished the book. Fuck Zola the story sucks and the ending is worse.
eannachan listen to me woman! If you are not going to do anything about it then shiver up and die! Haha
Headin out to 7am practice. Not even tired
Family and friends can cut you the deepest
johannnagreco this isn't working for me... i tried calling your house but you didn't pick up
thatmoment you're tutoring someone and she tells you her niece cheers for top gun
when politics prevailed &  you're not on the right side you'll be blown like dust in the wind!
I cried when I saw the results. That test was hard and I am so grateful. That coulda been the halt to many of my educational goals.
I hate when a guy takes longer than me to get ready
Love My warm comfy bed.... just wish I had someone go share it with =[ lonely =[
Heart = heavy.  Mom had several major strokes, doesn't look good.  Will make decision with brothers, but I'm the medical POA  :..(
Had the worlds longest meeting today but just off soon do some some filming at the 'Puss In Boot's London Film Premiere for CH4.
i could actually make a list of the people i miss. including hannah, chode, my grandparents, my brother, my parents. everyone.
Waiting dec.22 for ArthurChristmas and to watch justinbieber's 'Santa Claus Is Coming To Town' in 3D before the movie starts. excited *35
Waking up too early and not knowing what to do with yourself.
I need a necktie!!! For my Final Interview :)
seriously why can't my hair at school look like it did tonight...
Cooking my own food for the first time proud readymeals :-)
I really do have an amazing boyfriend(:
feeling scared because of someone!
saud_muhaisen11 thank u uncle saud :*
Um why do people wanna be all in my business? I'm not in yours so why you so worried about me!
Had a fabulous time with my beautiful friends today. Great recipe for the soul. God is good.
Twitter has done so much for me! Especially connecting me w others that have mental illnesses to get support n to learn. So very
He called me I hang up cuz I got 2 happyy then he called back aww :)) love u <3
justinbieber my biggest wish is, that you follow me back. You can make my dream true. Thank you for all the love to all beliebers :)
i really want some boots :) ones tht will fiinish n e outfit!
why won't my windshield wipers stop?!
if you say that shit cray cray.. you are fucking stupid.
Cant wait until this semester is over with!
Also will someone swim the ocean for me? K, thanks.
Good luck trying to preach with the fire alarm going off...
Yes Twente- Vitesse 0-0 :D
Happy Tweet:  A soft breeze carries with it the essence of nearby flowers, plants and trees encouraging us to BREATHE DEEPLY.
music the best way to pump yourself up before a tryout (y)
The spiritual immature could never lead the spiritual mature, but they will have the audacity to try!
People who drive slow shouldn't pull out in front of people that drive fast.
I really miss Swansea. I also miss Ashford. I hate living in Swindon
Staying in the new house tonight with father
FOOTBALL AT 6 !!!!!!LOVE NIGHTTIME FOOTBALL!!!
sittin in class thinkin about someone, ughhh I hate feeling like this...
-Woke up @ 5. Feeling good this morning even tho i have to go to school =) ihope everyone feel the same .
God has truly smiled on me........
Well gone see Trice nem in like 7 more days !
Iv got highschool film that's better than this UK UT game
if you actually get a text back from me today. surprising.
When you go downstairs, then forget why you went down there for
sweetness100802 heyy! i didn't know you were on here (: excited!
I got TWO candy grams from Dominick!
Watching Little Women makes me think of Olivia_Jean1 and katie_coleman1 & how very special sisters are.
Take the polar bear off your head, I can't see anything....
waiting for 6pm so i can watch breaking dawn part one!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks for all the well wishes guys! It means alot! Havent gone in yet! We're on delay!
I love my mama she always call me when she get off work with the best stories lol she always give me mad wisdom...
Something need to be done about them.RT DaygeeDr: Someone needs to put a halt to Spurs!!!! 5 points ahead with a game in hand!!!!
For people that drag their feet... Everyone doesn't need to know you are coming!
Im thankful for AndyPaolini ! Girl, you make my life! Youre so wonderful. You brighten my days so often! I love you!
At least with a roommate, you can glare at them when they're being loud...This wall is useless.
LinaSorbabe i never got into the christmas stuff....we dont do a tree and such here. no presents either.
When guys like ass better than boobs
Or don't text me all day that's cool too
ice cream, you make me smile so easily
Finally found my wallet!
I must be the king of networking.. I'm already working two jobs that is in my field and now a scouting company wants me to be a scout?
Nevermind, i'm cool... I know he just talking to you to get back at me
ihatewhen someone doesn't like what I have to say so they reply with 'k'
Stop leavin your spit cans at my house. disgusting cleanafteryoself jj_BigSmoke
My Neice is Cheerleading at Preston North Ends game today infront of a full stadium.
caralela4 Oie CARAJO!!! U can tweet but u can't text me back??!!
Time with my family is the B E S T<3
Our defense is good but our offense fucking sucks. We can't shoot for shit. Stoglins gotten 3 looks the whole game.
Without Him Right Now
My auntie won't let me sit on Santa's lap !
Slipping on some warm Apple Cider at Grandma's house<3
Eating eggs because I dnt have anything else :( lol this suck. But so far my day is going swell..Thankful.
probably the best job of bullshitting homework ive done in a while
You always cheer me up
Tis the season to get SO much spam!
hairdressers and HD brows today can't wait :)
Up and can't go back to sleep!!!
S/O to the weather news. How about you actually get one day right! you tell us it's going to snow but it never does.
At Last by Etta James just came on Adele Pandora
Why do I always build myself up and get excited about a something, when it's highly unlikely to happen
So excited to share news with you guys. I kind of impressed myself with this project!
Glass of coke, rich tea biscuits & Grey's Anatomy
Work=not my this today.
Neefs13 hahaha I called it Hoodaaro
On track for the Arnold Classic in Ohio...EXCITED!!!
my sister HeyIts_Chrissy  birthay @ 12am november20 show her  some
i_luvtattedboys i miss our old lunch! :(
_Yeyevelizx3 hahaha it's okay we're in the same story
LeonJayJay so sad! First u eat my penny sweet. Then the last after 8!!!!
Time to write two essays
Fifty percent of my tweets are Ben Gibbard lyrics.
tobinben85 just smashed Maskell 3-0 at snooks!
Last class before finals :D
Yay ordered new clothes
In jammies & slippers. Skiving til tomorrow night. May not kill santa after all
Y am I up and I have to be at work at 5?!?!
_jordanemma take it you've coloured your hair again?!
Thanking god for the gift of life an to entertain feeling blessed an accomplished
theres nothing i hate more than being lied to.
estellefaure T'as pas le droit d'être aussi belle.
my mother still hasn't noticed my new piercing
justinbieberand I gave up, never going to follow me. 200tweets day and command you anything. SAD 2
Yeah stefferskiddst I finished my drink
idek what we used to do before cod...sad.
I hate it when someone tells u tht u can't do something but they couldn't do it
I get home to discover someone stole my trash can. The one garbage men take. What the hell you are going to do with my trashcan?
DerrtyDude allanpetrilli paulfrank17 I know I had to been awhile I don't come ...sucks I wudda loved to be with u guys :(
GabyBo_Ce Hello!   How are you? Today is my birthday. :) i have 15 years...i'm young. Can you follow me? Thank you Belieber! Love <3
Made it to 300 followers! Watch someone unfollow right after this tweet. Haha!
Just to see you smile, I'd do anything.
Watchn a scary movie With tha fam :)
I get to remarry my best friend today. Love you so much Scottie!
When people have a 100 question & answer conversation on twitter...
ohhhh i hate tagged pictures after nights like friday.
I don't even care anymore
hate it when cousins from phils talk to you through fb :(
Things 2 look foward 2 on my Wednesday: 1) Church 2) 59¢  cheeseburgers @ McDonalds 3) My wonderful gift that doesn't come in a box.
i dnt think i knw how to be a girlfriend nomore.lol
I'm always home alone. Annoying.
does anyone know how to have a nightmare, I kinda want to have one tonight.
RESEARCH TIME! Oh wait, it's over na pla. hahahhaahh
I just screamed at my dad ....
know like every word to high school musical
can't wait for tonight! kylieee_96 elizabeth_macie
Just saw my puppy! excited!
Still in pjs and its after 1pm..having very lazy day
wanna get on ice so bad rite now but cant my workout bothered my leg it hurts alittle but forsure getting better ....
np deadmau5 - raise your weapon (madeon remix).
Listening to all my random live Dashboard recordings.
I don't think my heart has ever beaten that fast...
Turning over to Champions League, whilst personally bespoked pizza cooks, Guinness is opened and Eastenders theme music fucks off.
Just realized what I've bought myself this week is expensive running socks and lingerie. Wow. Socks and underwear? Really?
I CANNOT STAND SHALLOW PEOPLE!!!!! OR NARROW MINDED PEOPLE!!!!
I meant crazy stupid love
gotta be happy with yourself before you can make someone else happy.
Wtf. She got arrested?!
When a good thing goes bad it's not the end of the world, it's just the end of a world that you had with one girl.
Lunch happening with a long lost friend.
There will never be a Kenya maya eboni S dot Oreo again /:
I swear my parents only know how to talk about work ! Even on thanksgiving
if the weather network is correct and stays the same, i'll be able to snowboard before winter break.
Im feeling soo good Today... chillaxin @ home
hates getting those text that make you miss someone so much it hurts
being thousands of kilometers away doesn't mean I can't feel the spirit from here
Merrbeff You will never guess what kind of car I got now, btw i had no say so, i wasn't even there.
Just drank spoiled milk.
Reunited with the Volvo <3
Cannot WAIT to be home tomorrow
Getting my hair died today!
Days off suck when your family is on the otherside of the world!
anora8108 I just asked jacee_jo the same questions, she knew the bowling ball one, not the pilgrim one ;)
Selling sea shells by the sea shore > my job
Girls dont like it when guys are craving sympathy, you just seem like a huge vag. shut the hell up and grow a pair.
cant wait to go home and see my mom, dad, and most importantly my sister and brother who will be coming up from Florida!!
I was productive all day. Has that ever happened before?
adjybaby_11 wow goin against philly
Really right now?!? Dude just really picked his nose with his thumb and then started sucking on his thumb!!!
Milliehopkins all i've wanted to do all day is snuggle and watch Harry Brown! where have you been?
Whoever is calling me restricted needs to stop . I didn't answer the first 8 times the pass couple of days why would I now?
justinbieber I'm so proud of you. FA LA LA is AMAZING! Every song of UNDERTHEMISTLETOE is amazing!! PROUD 87
agnesbalewskaa -____- I wish I have to babysit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
tonight, we are young. so lets set the world on fire, we can burn brighter than the sun
How you have twins with different daddy's
wishin I had that holiday cash for my kin right now
Some mosquitoe bitch bit the bottom of my foot. It's itchy but I'm ticklish.
TheRealMeechP thanks for the invite
BrewDrees504 imjusme225 rtummi Lmao they mad cuz the Broncos raped them in 98' and they haven't been shit since. Then we rape them.
basketball season starts tomorrow!
justinbieber cause baby all i want for christmas is youuu! Music video today!!
He don't even like you stfu with u foolish whining
Time to go to bed. It's been a long night of homework.
Hearing Christmas music on the radio! >>>> :P
FUCK OFF!! Has Kim Jong Died?? I loved him in that one where he was at the top of Empire State Building + them planes where shooting
can't wait for tomorrow!
Teachers give way more tests and quizzes then they do homework!!
sierraabaldeo I know -.- and thanks (: I'm only going to graduate then I'm off to BC this fall <3
Sometimes I feel like my friends are my family
yaaaay got an A on my english ca
...your not 16 anymore.
patrickgowernz not at the moment - im just going to chill and start writing my next album over the next 6 weeks!!
JMcEachran20 I have my test in 16 days!
realized i didn't even know how to spell bieber.. till a few seconds ago O.o  and now i do know..
looking in the fridge every five minutes hoping food will be there, but theres nothing.
Bought the cutest lil dress today
Had a lovely lunch at River Cafe, Hammersmith....lots of good food good wine and good company
If you say swag you might be a fag.
.. I missed 11.11.11
Organic test over. Now it's smooth sailing until Thanksgiving Break!!
Everyone is having their tutorials and finding out their marks for the last project
I dnt understand shit we doing in this trig class !
Hate waiting on people irritating >__<
needs to slow my roll RampageGails79  better than George? and TheAJZayia  im sorry, much
While watching football my dog stepped on my balls. Sadly that wasn't the worst pain i was in today
teri_celticX I very much do not appreciate a 3pm ok in Perth whatsoever. I positively hate that idea
Let's hope I don't bump into ppl I can't stand this week.
Trying to calm down.
rach_prozinski6 And I also knew me and you were ment to be :)
oh dear why would you even do that
Can't wait to get my new phone today finally!!(:
GrantBortner has a weird obsession with squeaky toys.
What a good morning.. Rainy cuddles watching SNL Xmas skits..
I don't have the patience for a whole lot of old folk .. They just get on my nerves
Just talked about ryandean101 graduating this year.
Thinking about going to bed. Wait it's saturday night !! Ohh yeah i'm sick...
My bestie will be a stripper tonight!
david_h12 oops that said it didn't send so i decided to change quotes
Just took our seats :D
I finally finished my Religion project... and had cake to celebrate :)
jaimistelk might but dout it depressed haha
Untitled - Give&Take ( angutolkonghoodlum frustration jcdevera)
_rocky20 got to miss him anyone that can get our fans pumped up & vocal has got summat about em...was so quiet against Leeds
JLS AND ONE DIRECTION trending world wide :') proud JLSOfficial onedirection
The Scientist by Coldplay is such a good song.
Don't say you going to do something then you don't do it.
When people tell you you look really pretty in your icon when its actually CherylCole proud.
The fckn state filled out my nursing papers n sent it bck to me to wrk nd they put asain on the fckn race part. Hurt.
Just in case you were wondering ...if you automate your tweets and retweet the same thing over & over & OVER. I will unfollow you.
start hair school in about a week (:
Snowwwww on Thursday
Watching the Leverkusen game... Wow the Budasliga has talent.
I swear if my Lego Harry Potter freezes on me. . .
Official_Yung so true! Alot of ppl want a bit of drama! And that's how they get it, by involving themselves in other ppls shit! annoying!
FreePeople ... Black skinnys, oversize knit sweaters black leather riding boots and gloves. Cozy, cute, classic.
my hair is grose
_KudaBrown If they're only a handful to you, I know they aren't for me.
leaving the NYC for the CLE.
Dam I'm begging. Smh dam Zeke.
Really want to start tanning but scared about the mole my doctor referred me to a dermatologist for. He said he wasn't sure bout it
Mentos and Diet Coke is all that me and Elisabethpaigee need TI be intertained
Homeless people on the side of the road..
No matter how hard I try, I can't walk away...
T-Minus 3 hours until the festivities commence.
I might possibly, just maybe, perhaps, hopefully be getting a phone soon! I'm excited :)
A good friend of the family lost a father... Man my heart aches with him.
headed to Toronto for the night with my amazing husband. Dinner at Fresh, hotel room, shopping tomorrow...
We have now walked over a mile to the car...,
If you ever hear what _teamwallace_ just said
jamesfed is ditching me on my birthday..
Nothing better than a home cooked meal when you get home
Hmm..needa cute girl to kick it withh
153256th bathroom trip today
Every customer support avenue I take for microsoft is a dead end. I can not do my job without your products. Need help.
I love my little family!!! They are the best!!!
The worst feeling is reaching to grab more fries and theres none left
I think too much. I wonder if ill ever find that perfect person for me..
Relaxing morning just chilling with the boyfriend.
WANT BOTH SIDES OF MY NOSE PIERCED FOR THE NEW YEAR. it wont happen
, i been in 9 relationships this year & not one went past 2months
Ive got 6days left in Scotland&then I get2go home2London where possibly, just possibly I may get a 3G signal on my O2 mobile!
I feel amazingly happy when i see your smile <3
justinbieber a month ago that I have UnderTheMistletoe & I got a Ticket but I could not participate because I'm from chile :( Sad 52
Just watched last house on the left
“iKobby: so nobody go mention me eh!...i no say eno be mentions i go chop wai depressed”
I'm so ready to spend tomorrow with my whole family, hopefully..
just got my iphone back
Most hilarious shopping ever at target with noleybear123 dyllPhillips24 and modiddy_2
I'm slowly starting to hate children between the ages of 7-12.
Why can't pandora charms be delivered?!
Building ginger bread houses with mrs blacks second grade class. Beings back lots of memories.
Dinner date with DerekHiltner tomorrow :)
Baby showers are the new weddings. ...
The trains are too damn loud today if I can hear them.. Damnit I'm trying to watch svu!
kbmacdowell How does that make me feel :(
Just had holiday lunch with the rest of the marketing girls BakersShoes. So fun celebrating with the whole team!
Blessed to see another one
I want to know why my service keeps going in & out?? It is just me or is it AT&T?
Trying to decide if I want to go to day therapy or just lay here
I run to you like a corner store.
Got my heartbroken 2days ago, road to recovery 0.1%
all you ca hear in my house right now is screaming
I feel like a giddy school girl! I know people are going to get tired of hearing/seeing me talk about him, but I'm seriously happy!!!!
OFFICALLY HAPPY AGAIN!!! I'm to fucking happy lol ....just made my day
why this one follower be talking bout head everytime he tweets. like nigga STFU..
nflnetwork Going beastmode with a long overdue packet of Skittles.
Getting my essay back today
Reunited and it feels so good my friends are coming home starting tomorrow for the next week so happy i made it thru this rough patch
No i do not want to sit at my house and watch Dunston Checks In. I want to go to Burrito Loco and work.
had a pretty amusing and good night at the threes last night with rhys, nobby, my dad and lisa! mcdonalds at half 1 was decent too!
np Nuage - REALies
One more day to go until my big weekend begins!! So
I just don't understand why the first class I finished is the last class to put the grade up
Cleaned my room, and all before glee's even started!
Happy Thanksgiving! My fav day! family, friends, food & football
ngayon ko lang na realize one week ko na pala na di nakakasabay kumain ang aking pamilya whether breakfast, lunch or even dinner
yay!! finally off work tomorrow. it should be a good day! :-D
couldnt find a homless person in new york to find a scarf to
E_Kells45 where did you go
Wearing my snappy pants, (: thanks to markyla and her mom!
Some people have no regards for their child's future when they come up with these damn names! Lol
Mizzou!!!!!!! Let's go tigers!! excited!
Must be hungry as hell eating raw noddles out the pack
Got 2 class 7 mins ago . She took our assignments made some announcements & I'm out .
When I Woke Up,I Prayed & Thanked God For Everything He Gave Me. Thankful.
Almost time to head back to Hays:)
Can somebody please tell me who the hell oomf cuz its erkin my nerves seriously
No way i'm gonna get back to sleep now.
Psh. And you said you were gonna quit smoking.
Oh lord thought I lost my wallet
“Chachi_Monae Fck w/ me you might blow ya bacc out . I never get enough . Smh sad”
SamJSamuels wooo can't wait for next monday! Heheheheh
haven't even seen any snow yet disappointed :(
Finally!! Everyone's sleep 
Woke up to just ONE Bible verse in my email, and about 10 BlackFriday emails from random companies lol
If there were ever a time to turn to God that time is now
Anyways wtf is wrong with my fone wth this squeeky ass noise
i wish one of my friends would come over and watch movies with me ;(
Sleeping alone after sleeping with your favorite person ever for three days is so shitty.
Why is playstation freezing so much
I dream once in a whileeeeeeee. Couldn't it at least have food or some action in it?
Leaving for ND tomorrow
My battery on my phone doesn't even show up red anymore but it dies when its okay like the second bar
larapk13 yeah at 12 she is giving it away bahahaha ewwie i would never eat it
i'm playing the worlds smallest violin for all these haters, they just sad.
Finaly my kebabb is here!
Life is so peaceful without all your B.S in it
Spent the afternoon under the jacarandas in the park, watching Ubaid run around and around and around.
ima piece of shit
Someone tell Twitter to ban anything relating to Bieber on trending topics
i'd really like to see jimmybuffett when he comes to town, but Ticketmaster's crap website and absurd prices will prevent it.
Hanging out with my grandparents.
I hate it when people always have an excuse.
ThatHighMoment when you're just gone talking and nobody's even paying attention embarrassing.
It's FOOTBALL time. Almost.
So freaking stressed about this long trip home
Decembers gonna be the best month. Boarding, Christmas, Snow, SnowFights, Birthdays, Tree decorating, friends/family, PRESENTS!
finding random spiky hairs on your face
Think ill drink a lil drink tonite...
By far the worst twilight yet
Haha bye bye elegant/ stylish possession football LoL!
gasoline brownies boi...bout to pop the cork too.
CONGRATULATION to my dear cousin, ALLAN DICHOSON for passing the MAAP Entrance Examination! :))
justinbieber UNDERTHEMISTLETOE IS THE BEST CHRISTMAS ALBUM EVER!!!! nojoke I CANT STOP LISTENING AT IT!! ITS AMAZING! PROUD 23
In my bed laid tf out no sharing this mofo tonight just me and my sheets
Maish Tewari tearing the hypocritical BJP in Lok Sabha on BlackMoney tewari_manish is a brilliant orator. Respect.
m_garvo way too into killing zombies, someone should tell him to cool down.
Next season of the challenge looks awful
Just saw the SYTYCD add again and i still love it!!!
Gonna go watch breaking dawn with my bf in a bit .
its gettin tense, i dont know when im working hope i aint missed my shift rle..
My best friend cussed this chick out on the bus for making fun of this really shy guy. PROUD. STOMPOUTBULLYING.
Is it me or does marion smell like complete shit everywhere I go?!
decemberwish nothing could ask for more.. just HAPPINESS :P
Woke up nice and refreshed!
Sometimes two people chasing money and trying to be with each other just ain't going to work… MONEY or
9 days and we still haven't put the tree up !
im a person too, with feelings incase you didnt know.
My brother is the worst driver and he complain so much
I hate when everybody goes to sleep & i'm still up.
I wish they would stfu....how tf you gon watch a movie nd tlk thru the whole damn thing.
Fly_aszFaiFai smh good luck wit that its been 4months girl. Lol
Another place where basketball has taken me..Michigan
5 more days and I finally get to see my best friend... missher. I just want to leave already. Ahh. excited.
Fell flat on my face asleep in world history.....literally fell, and my head on the desk made this huge cracking noise
WEN I WOKE UP DIS MORNIN I ROLLED OVER TO KISS MY BAE BUT 4GOT MY BAE WASNT HERE!!!! SAD :,-(
Getting my ends trimmed today !!!
I'm thankful for my wonderful family: mom, dad, brothers, sister, nieces,nephews,aunts ,uncles,cousins,in laws and my grandparents!
brettefish- Shaw was telling my Theater class how he was talking to you the other night about Rent coming on Broadway again!
We can focus so hard on what we WANT that we lose sight of what we DESERVE.
Happy Thanksgiving I love You All , Thank You Jesus For Everything ! I will Forever Give You Tha Glory !! LOVE !!,!
I hope I chose the right choices for being a botanist....
Can't wait to see my boo tomorrow :-))
SammiBiebs ur phone was sending me *fprmula repeatedly. Received it 12 times.
its my mummys birthday tomorrow, happy birthday Sylvia Mary Pedley, ya beauty! <3 xoxoxox
Just started twitter.
FINAALLY bought my laptop,
De nieuwe liedje van Monsif01  is vet:)  Luister hem nu de hele tijd:$
When you can't get someone out of your head. And there's nothing you can do to change it
Haven't been on twitter all day.
.first game of the season :)
Production of the year is a tie? Two carriers and two awards in hand? Oooooo
I'm not looking for a milion things, i'm just looking for that one perfect thing..
One day when the sky is falling, i'll be standing right next to you, nothing will ever come between us<3
Anyone have personal fitness 4th period
First thing I'm doin in the morning is buyin hangover2. Yayyy.
Mommy driving me to school
S/o to OSHEA83. Thanks for the follow bro.
When people tweet something, then put the exact same thing as their facebook status, and do it every time
HeatherMadi ihatecollege by Asher roth =
going to relax with boyfriend and kitty. and i get to go on a date tomorrow.
Omg I just made my dad miss his customer.....
Show me someone who has NEVER felt insecure during their youth and I'll show you someone who NEVER had a youth.
wow walk away for a few minutes and the eagles are a head
If you want to surround yourself with the want the most inbred fucks you've seen in your life, go to the Salisbury Xmas parade
Man, I feel ripped off! Infinite Kung Fu has an ending!
Whatt ? Mummy called me and didn't say anything !
I may be young bt im ready to give you all my
ManchesterCity have so much talent but lose silly games! Disappointment!!
sexy_cupcakee69 hell yes. what are you doing up anyways? teheh we are both bored out of our minds.
There's a reason that people in your past don't make it to your future
'cause I'm in shoo-shoo-shoo, shoo-shoo-shoo Shoo-shoo, shoo-shoo, shoo-shoo Sugar Town
bigears75 darrenjessop peterlapper skids74 leedowdall vialls07 swadeywade well done chaps...
The dance sucked so bad. Too many posers that just stood there. & the dj sucked.
Perfect way to start of my thanksgiving break.
kballsack someone hacked my fb and added all the Rachel walkers on Facebook.
First of hopefully many more road trips with kaytray26!!
stewartheys JohnnySearch JK - Heys has got all buff! Gunny didn't dance.
my eye ball hurts really bad :(
At peace with the world
Sometimes I feel like im the only one who makes the effort with anyone :(..
Well on this plane for the second time jamaica is really like a hour n a half away
Yesss, my bestfri finnaly told me some serious sht :)
Waking up next to them or seeing them fills my heart with
The fact that I juyst walked into a house full of family and talked to every singly one of them is a moracle
Mi rilasso un po ' col fidanzato
Workin on new recordings! Be stoked everyone!
call_me_gweeds he didn't do it...
I can't lie...I'm Blessed!!! The people you surround yourself with make all the difference !!!
“sexymothacutter: -10 pounds since thanksgivinggg WINNING ....hard” <---
Watching A Very Sn00ki Holiday on HSN! I don't care what anyone says about her, she's hilarious. I got my Snooki Slippers last year!
IncrediblyRich our_tone Man, don't get my hopes up. And if you're being sarcastic on Twitter use some kind of hashtag.
Dinner date with Dad
Why must some people be so nasty? Fuck you anon on Tumblr.
About to leave for a date. Holy moly guacamole, he's hot and funny. in case you wanted to know tweeps!
Stomach feels funny tho
just to clear up, everyone loving off cpfc because they won one game.. even when you don't even support them, such glory hunters.
_EnPlanet it's actually really pretty and not chavy at all xD
Just saw Alastair oot da window. He walking tall.
Happy Veteran's Day!
things are falling in place for me excited!
Honestly I hate girls.. So much drama. allymhughes kaystraves thanks for being drama free and being the bestfriends I could ask for
cherisetrt jus dared me to c how long I cud go without shaving anything...hmmm! Dis is is nasty dare but let's see how long I go
JonizZooted & drewtaft better get excited to see me in a little bit. :) :) surprise. :) :)
Just realized this is the first day in how long, that TheFordly hasn't texted me? >:/ Disappointment.
Research paperr is gettin to me!
Parents drama<
My Avon stuff just came and I got hair dye today
I can't watch this anymore
Breaking dawn finally with HollyRowRow on friday
Turns out the first interview went great.....Monday is the finally
Got my gifts for everyone!
oneyear since I met justinbieber.. All I gotta say is I love that boy more and more everyday. thankful. myworldtourmemories.
when i forget what i wanted to tweet...
Being a Freshman with oliviaismylover
“Call_me_Rambo I remember sittin beside her bed plenty of nights n talk to her until she fell to sleep sad”
joeyblackjack That's not kvetching at all! Have been hoping to get an update from you. Can U DM deets?
Some of the things I do I do for my sister
Headed to the 478 tomorrow :) excited!
StephanieLee_G soooo :) I gotta tell ya something baby!
very full and blessed
Feels so good to sleep in but I have got to start packing!!!!!
daydreaming of being back in Texas - nowplaying - The Front Porch Song by Robert Earl Keen
Good weekend!  Cowboys won. Hung out wot my favorite people!  Drank! Damn
Can't believe my old school teacher has been arrested for raping one of his students! Some fucked up shit! Hope he rots in hell
people who are cruel to animals need lined up and drowned in a bucket of their own piss.
justinbieber even if u think, we will forget u one day, its not true :) true beliebers will support u 4ever,no matter what happens <3
Tonight was perfect. Love my life & the people in it
Last hr of work!Plus,got tomorrow off.My weekend starts a day early (:
My teachers didn't bash me behind my back! Pheewwww
finally find out my secret santa tomorrow
Heading to Southern Cal today...First Thanksgiving with fam in a decade, gathering with HS friends, USC/UCLA game and In-n-Out!
LaurenEdwards9 destiny is so fun today. Can't wait for christmas display!
Get over it sweetheart and move the fuck on -on behalf of all us!
so tired but can't sleep!
Wunderbar is probably one of the tastiest choco bars.
ItsAliMichelle so did I....actually I thought that until like two years ago.
My puppy is cute and
Having a bad night
My grandparents are the best people in the world. I love ya'll so much. Thanks for everything you guys do for me.
Why can't I sleep anymore?!??
Really wish coaches werent so stubborn and would just let me get out of athletics
Latin Grammy's in 30 mins!! :D
Yaayyy! I have 11 followers now
I just can't wait to wear my very simple attire. Excited :)
My entire outfit for tomorrow is from Victoria's Secret (:
In about 48 hours I'm gonna be doing some MAJOR work
ur HAPPY ad im also 3
i hate the headphones that come with apple products so much! I cannot for the life of me get them to stay in my ears!!!!
Only 4 minutes until my newest episode of Psych will download! excited psych-o
saw a onesie today that was the hulk. i saw it and was like MUM GET ME THAT FOR CRIMBO!! she said no :(
Just the two of us by Bill withers is the song of tha moment
This milkshake is on point Omg !!
I'm sick and tiered of writing risk assessments and experiments of electrophoresis.
At least today is better then yesterday :)
I hate having convos with my mom threw text , she takes everything i say as me having an attitude
tonight is gonna be good!<3
No food in the fridge ..
HarrietSteeds28 Berry_Anna  ... my friends know me very well!
My prayers are being answered....
Omfg my mom frustrates the fuck outta me -_______- i need to get out of this house like now.
sorry if I didn't meet  your expectations~
Make up your mind
On our way to check out a potential unit in Ortigas :)
Stop the slamming the fcking door. SMH. irritating.
AshleyNovak So I accomplished 4 paragraphs/3 full pages of this paper today. It isn't too terribly difficult
ShaneShark420 i made you a twitter,
Enjoy life while u got it if u don't god blessed ya
tracecyrus just started following me, I just fan girled so hard, i shreiked so loud, my moms gonna be pissed, but i dont even care!
If you mailed or DM'd me asking for a mix to be sent out to ya, then check your emails, should be sitting nicely in there for ya
Could really use a new body right now. Why does drinking have to be so fun and then the next feel like death.
I hate the fact that I'm in school and my cuzns are home playing Wii staying warm  so not the deal!!
If you paid some people & GOD HIMSELF asked them too keep it real. It STILL wudnt happen
ya whole team talks shit about us BUT YOU REALLY LOOK UP TO US
Seriously I don't know what to say! I'm speechless in every way ! Thank you God for the blessing! Thank you god *tears*
Can't stand you
His morning wake up call just made me wanna go back to bed again and dream about him
Well it seems my degree is about to pay off. I hope to have some good news for you all by the end of the year.
It annoys me when my dad tell me something completly useless. annoyed. BadStartOfDay.
I hate deviating from my schedule. Anxiety is setting in.
i wish people would understand
why do I have to be cursed with not being able to walk normal in any shoes at school
OMG I'm going to get the ScottCaan photography book today...aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!
just got done BS my bio homework proud lol
So glad I won't be home when Shelby's dog gets there
there are graham crackers in my immediate future.
no lie , if i lose him idk wat ima do :/
If your having a bad day let me throw a smile your way
new shampoo and conditioner.
Uqh...what did I qet myself into.!
Roll on Thursday , home for Christmas
im not askin a nigga 2 do SHIT 4 me......cant nva do shit but tha main onez wit they hand & dick out
She walking around messing with people
Damn im still thinkin bout dat
I have been looking high and low for these shoes. My whole family have been working there asses off to find them and she found them(:
jacknyren123 what's that supposed to mean? :|
I was an idiot to ever let you go.. I miss you.
In the end, I couldn't really ask for anything more.
If your playing college basketball then you shouldn't miss a FREE THROW! They're called FREE THROWS for gods sake.
Nd dis shawteee is off to bed church in the am... Excited for christmas almost done with lights nd balls on tree:)
100 days till x-factor tour:-)
“Hessa_Alsaud: Winter =food +sleep happiness”
No sleep for me tonight.
this day went from good to bad in a matter of seconds
kelsey_franklin it hurt to see it
artists who use twitter to advertise/plug themselves/colleagues music etc...
Just because someone else ticked you off doesn't mean you take it out on me!
tomzenner wait... U unfollowed me? U could mute me for over tweeting but were like family.
I hardly got anything done on my to-do list today
Hunny waited for me to get home love (:
Oh no oomf is asleep!
Jan. 6th---move in day!!
Out to dinner with the rents...
Foreal..RT Bri_BadAsHell: Get This 'Barbie Crew' Drama Shit Off My TL.. ANNOYING. -.-
I keep a smile on my face lately. :)
About to go ride around and look at Christmas lights. excited. (:
Y Do Peple Pop They Gum! .. Annoying !
Gonna snuggle up in bed, put PS I love you on and hope for the best..
Lovely pre-TB party tonight. If Barclays weren't such utter cunts I would have had an even better time
Spending my hour lunch in line to get my mama's Christmas gift
c_rob6934 i know!! I'm so pissed! I can't believe she did that :(
ahhhh I can't wait to move back home for school after this year :-)
my phones been really slow lately. /: annoyed .
Omg this girl is playing with the back of my seat and I want to turn around and throw her out the window.
It feels so good to lay in bed next to my mommy (yes I still do that) and enjoy break and not think about school and pressure happy :)
Getting my dress tailored now is super risky ahhh
I guess it's sad when you don't know what to ask for for Christmas, but the Lord has blessed me in so many ways already this year.
TOUCHDOWN! Wpg_BlueBombers going to CFL final!!!!!
Why can you never be on time dad?
Remembering what happened to me when I was 11.....
Pink Paper News: Campaigners split over calls for designated gay village in Brighton
We are so close to the release of our first app!
Last weeeek of school before Christmas<33.
Hello Jennette,I loved your character in BESTPLAYER I'm a huge fan of yours,hope you see this my twett,if you do please answer me! kiss
feels good not to be stressed
Im really upset  rite now that you would do that to me
Having no one to talk to blows.
chrtistmas shopping tomorrow with my wonderful nan!xoxox
Where's the snow at?
jessicafsu no not happening :(
I guess nobody's perfect..?
Ehh honestly so done with these people ...
travonkeyz lol I know you were cracking up...I would have been..I can only imagine...
Things checked off this yr: working @ a startup and making a difference in the world through SocEnt. StartSomeGood is awesome!
how can there be 5 episodes of desperate housewives in october, and only 1 in december :@
Miami, ATL, Cali, Ny, Las Vegas... Will all c me within these next few months
how do you get sinus pressure out of your ear! ugh
Don't insult blackberrys -.-
Ik ga weg doei!
Let's be Positive today!
.andersoncooper your white hair scares me :(
Spring practice start when I get there
Football always makes my day better:)
chickmcgee1 Thanks for the knowledge Chickster, as always a font of information.
Yeah, I for surely dropped it. sundropgirl woulld be proud ;)
Nothing better than clean sheets on the bed and knowing you have tomorow off
When I think about it I've gotten alot and been to alot of places.
reading that story wasn't a good idea... what a sad sad ending..
I hate when I don't follow someone cause I know they'll annoy me yet people I follow always retweet them
My heart is a lil shaken right now...what if... Naw, I can't... Maybe I am...
All wrapped and ready for Christmas
Nah who calls private?!? Really?? Ik it's u bc u called straight the 1st time kmsl
As I'm going to sleep to night I am thinking about how blessed I am to be in such a good relationship
He got a BIG ego.
Why do you do this.
when I see oomf on my tl I get ughh annoyed .
; one look in your blue eyes, and suddenly my heart can't tell you no.
My dad tried playing a trick on me with his ciggerate but freakin dropped it on my toes and burned me
C_Rieger24 I broke two plates in my elbow when I was in 5th grade..... I win! I was skating on heelies....
Today was just awful. The only part that was worth while was seeing my dog and fam
Life without electricity is hell, no power from last 5 hrs & dont know how long it would be like this..
My teacher just pushed my essay back until we get back from break!
LaineyBraun dionnebruns i'm so in! excited!
Right now nothing beats a cup of tea watching Jeremy Kyle
I can't even get one fucking night .
Aparently people don't know what 'let me know as soon as possible' means. Don't act like you don't check your phones!
Matt Moore knew what was gonna happen to him if he tried to get that ball from D-Ware
my hair is so fucking darrrk!
Really need to sign my scholarship.
Going to sleep, just after my daily fix of Dakota (:
Taking advantage of a light work day to have a nap with Maddy.
So you gone keep me waiting bet!
Getting Kori to make a twitter
Honestly don't think I can get out of bed today
emrsharp I'm listening  to it at this moment
47 counts of child abuse?
Word on the street: DonElda is not digging her new digs (duh). Please hang on!
Thanks so much for the FF love!! jpanhorst Television_Lady gen22 The_Knights87 moll_ee ToonBird101 paul_bowler MrsD_Tee
Sat in the studios painting away whilst humming along to some tunage
I'm allergic to corn, stop trying to offer me popcorn. Also, it's 8 am.
HilaryyLam don't you hate fuzzed out faces in your dreams
Nap and then babysitting sick kids...
today i hate everyone. have a good day
I've seen people's drive, ambition, motivation, spirit to never give up and their hearts but I've never seen them in the right place
8 hour shopping spree with Grandma, most of my christmas presents bought, and talking to my lovely, amazing, sweet, honey face.
God willing ill be back in da StL in a few weeks... For good!! Can't wait!!!
azpeacemakers im going to mexico this week for the last time, im joining the AirForce and they wont let me go to RockyPoint.
Yep tried tagging everyone I'm thankful for but its way more than 140 characters!
ArianaGrande IS SO CLOSE TO 1 MILLION.!! WHOEVER IS NOT FOLLOWING HER, GO FOLLOW HER NOW!!! GetArianaTo1Million! GetArianaTo1Million!
reading justin's history  
At afternoon Tea waiting on my beautiful line sisters
Smack that NP newmusic Casey_Defibaugh
omg can't believe my sis's twin bubbas r gonna be here in 7weeks! :)
He's amazing! RTEwelinaC: Yesterday my friend got me a justinbieber life size cut out and its now standing in my room  
I go on Twitter to see your tweets...I don't want them clogging up my news feed on Facebook.
Plumber thinks I am crazy as I just text kisses to him
theemegasaurus you'll probs see Noelchick tmourmouras N_E_Mo and crew. Have funnnnnn
SINCE SEX GOT EASIER TO GET LOVE GOT HARDER TO FIND
thinkin about making this year the first year i go black friday shopping hectic but
I just wish you cared as much as I do..
Well, time to conquer the ACT.
having to find good family pictures from over the years. the problem: NO ONE CAN TAKE A GOOD PICTURE AT THE SAME TIME
hunzie9 haha jerk! At least I dont have to face the sad reality of the blues representing my hometown
I can only think about two times we hada disagreement. That didn't last long. The Good def outweighs the Bad.! (( :
If anyone in my family asks me if I'm pregnant one more time I'm going to pop a cap on somebody!!!
You annoyed. It's my birthday tomorrow and mum won't take me for the best present ever, meeting thewantedmusic. So annoyed -.-
Louis_Tomlinson you follow 440+ people. can i be one of them? :) love you x
Successful shopping trip! Yayy(: the only downside is now I actually have to wakeup before seven and get ready..
my first semester in college was very successful.
Times like these make me wish I had friends.
I wanna watch a zombie movie!!!!!
Got a Christmas card from St. Jude today. Nice friendly reminder how blessed we are to be healthy and alive.
My sissy is saved and filled with the holy ghost now!!!!(:
mele_x0 We be partyinnn tonitee
so much to do in so little time!!!!
ohmy! from 65 kilos,61 na lang ako!! haha
gotta love chill nights and meaningful talks with friends :)
So idk why my brother is singing but its killing me . . . Annoyed!
Everybody that prays, pray for my homegirl Bianca & her family....please & thank you.
Ready to perform tomorrow! :D
I really hope I'm gonna pass my financial accounting paper tomorrow..
Dear God, I wanna take a minute, not to ask for anything from You, but simply to say thank you for all I have.
my bus route it absolutely ridiculous,
GinnyWeitz LFC_ModetteKaty burntoutwillow Thanks guys. Just about to make my first appearance behind double decks in years...
headin home had a blast friends/family/ and enemy are tha best
Reading comics in my bed.  Yeah sure chicks find that sexy.
Then they bring out these ROLLS!
Im wet, cold, and hungry. Can this day get any worse
Can't stop thinking about you...
PetrifiedDesign thanks guys! Looking forward to seeing you over the holidays.
About to go get my wisdom teeth pulled out. :/
“AnnaNorriss: Wendys fries dipped in a frosty.. delightful”
there's a fucking button, not inset, on the front of our Comcast modem. It turns off the Internet. I want to kill whoever put it there
finished my assignment!!! now to pack for going home for christmas tomorrow!!
Gonna hit up Nashville with JacobRay92
'you wanna put your wat ? in my wat ?' LOL <3
I was listening to Up All Night in class and I was smiling like an idiot so everyone started to stare
Sick ! ! ! ! && im erk'd .' FML Off 2 skewl
ChelseaMaeR ;) miss you! can't wait to see you on thursday !!
Me and the madre are planning my graduation party :)
I want a real Christmas tree but we always put up a fake one :(
Can't wait to see the tree lighting today. excited!!!!
Finally booked my theory :) next thursday
Soo maybe my last tweet was a little mean..but honestly? I wish boys would stop fucking with my mind.
Du er min første, min siste og mitt alt.
why yes i did just say 'i can easily do 6inches' (meaning shoes) infront of mr smith ..
Let's see how these XFactorDuet go
I hate being in a different time zone than most twitterers (try saying that 10x fast). C'mon Europe. Get on your game.
Ok, we finally did skype!!! happy :)
oh sur msn ya TVTFF_ qui ma  parler mais j'était pas devant le pc .. :/ en plus c'était tout mignon se qu'il ma dit :D Love <3
Wish I were at the Marshall game. Instead I'm at home with my dad yelling at the TV...not the same......
He just killed my dream
Usually when I turn the music up it means you need to shut the fuck up.
I am thankful for anyone who ever put up with or witnessed my drunk emotional times....
Christmas is so close!
paris_egypt24 I got my licenses :)
why the fuck cant I sleep
Hot shower then tanning bed Love <3
Excited to see our girls SMASH wembley tonight!! Proud :D <3
My right hand man LittlenBillion follow him 2
Just had my last football practice of my entire life. Time flies by so fast.
“michelleSanch57: UberRadRudy Friday is tomorrow woop woop! Can't wait :D” Cant wait to see you guys! :-)
Feel bad for everyone I the back of the buss..cause i just blew it up
Dis man will not stop textin me no matter how many times i tell him to stop!
I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so proud of you is stuck in my head and i've heard it one
I hate when a part of my body needs to crack, but it won't. frustrating.
shoot with phil.star yesterday nice working with u guys pongnui and don of MAC cosmetics!
ah words just cant describe!
Happy Thanksgiving to all of our American friends!
ugh I feel sooooo fat :(
If I perform with full confidence in myself and don't ask for God to work with me and through me, I'm leaning on my pride.
Learn how to spell embarrassing #
I hate the toys r us advert!!!
alex_groblewski Let the countdown begin! 4.5 days until ultimate snazzy Christmas
By Friday all my troubles maybe be gone
some people are toooooo cute
Passed by Flint Community Bank... Almost wrecked thinking of Courageous!
Finally a thanksgiving dinner tonight with the fam!
yendySnameloC00 Could be better! Haha.
13 days till the Bday! Excited!
NO ASS BUT AH BADD ASS FACE TO REPLACE IT
justinbieber hi, i love you, but you dont know I exist...
“Tay625: Best friend got baptized today! proud teslasue”
What am I doing up so early!!
Don't think I hate you ; I just don't like when you allow your ignorance to get in the way of our LOVE :-) teamfollowback :-)
It truly ticks me off when my phone says I have a friend request on fb and I can't erase that stupid red number
Can't wait to see GaGa in 2012
I'll be there.....RT Em_thomm: Gonna go home and watch movies by myself
:( todos se van y me abandonan este mes
Wishes her day would get better...
my tripod and remote finally got delivered yay early christmas present for myself! (the only one i'm getting)
gonna wake up early to study again tommorow morning
Countdown 1 Week & Daddy is Back Home!
kizzajane Scope Definitely missed a good night with Kiz and Kez..
PRETTI_BEATZ not sure yet but I kno I'll b n da area Saturday
Loves people who are selfish and only care about themselves
3Ls_2da_Head damn lol.... Well I'm glad u like it
mbrundlef1 Martin, will miss you.  Gave up on Sky a couple of years ago. Been watching F1 on the beeb and ITV since the early 80s.
Public washrooms are so gross... Try getting your piss in the toilet rather then beside it or infront of it.
Errrytime I have a smile on my face I see her & it goes away
ew whats with facebook & all these porno pics.. lolz
Wooooooo! onedirection direction on the x-factor tomorrow! love!
Workin' tonite, but NO work Saturday, NO work Sunday. I get to sleep in saturday! I get to go to church sunday!
hot chocolate & puppy chow. :)
All I want is veenessa3 to hug me while I nap before work and she won't!!
Olympic development training in the morning
With so many reasons I could Cry My Family Gives me more than enough to Keep Smiling
_tara_dactyl u left me...sitting on the bench....alone
ZMatrix oh duh, didn't think so. ps- you never texted me last night
Why does this have to be so hard.......
Laying down thinking about upcoming events
fouseyTUBE I forgot to say GoodMorning!GOODMORNING:)Yesterday was amazing!Wish I stayed longer doe:/Have a safe trip back InshaAllah!
5:00 please hurry up and get here!
By far the most laughing I've done this week.. Had me crying!!  I love my family
the woe continues, again, before even leaving Maastricht. A German is having a skype conversation on speaker in the hotel bar.
kimpirrella tomorrow, but then off to RI for the weekend to surprise twitterless Amy Jackman, graduating from state trooper academy!
Last journey home for this year from London to Chelt is almost complete. Greeted by driving rain and a bike ride home.
Totescoolbro i dont hate you sam, i also found an awesome jacket at walmart and they didnt have my size. im just super disappointed
My godbaby will b here in the next couple days
You learn from your ex's, ppl you talked 2 , ppl you loved,.. I learned <3 NO ONE because nothing is forever or Good enough to say you
Love the ITV local weather guy! Hahaha
Awwe MB is so charitable! Their ALWAYS giving something back to the fans or thanking us.
When you know the perfect thing that would put your outfit together, but you dont have it...
I jus be drivin my brother car lol n he dnt care
Packed & In the car en route to the train station...if only I knew where ThompsonAdam was taking me for the weekend!
I cannot sleep, i don't understand why
I don't talk to anyone in this house.
About to play just dance 3!
Watching old people struggle breaks my heart :(
_morganscott looking forward t it!!!
Wish the legs of my togas would actually fit my legs
Glee ruins every song...
Going to watch The Spanish Riding School later!
Every time I look up all I see is peytstan looking around and dancing like a fool.
Facebook need to fix this porn shit! it's getting out of hand!
tf you wanna know fa . .ayyy my last tweet was bout you
On the way to BUDS, fingers crossed for some NUSSC domination
Worked 36 hours in three days
RayCharlesTheBS dude stop u know i dont stop being a bitch u guys tell every fucken girl that i like them
get it together boys!
I. Can't. Sleep.
Fuckin lovin a bitch....jus lovin my mama s/o to Tikvah
Got everyone I need in my life at the moment!
I love some one
GavinDeGraw in Boone was AH-MAZING!!!
The high school drama kids gotta go
Keep textin in my ear. Dont even hear me talking.
kirby really just smelled my cousins toes disgusting -.-
Mum has just pulled my hand out of a packet of onion rings and replaced it with strawberries
MidwestCouture yes, beauty that inspires...and puts me in a Doctor Zhivago state of mind...most breathtaking love story ever told~
I loved that leg thing she did in single ladies
Yay! Finally bought that Nespresso Coffee maker. :)
ForBetterOrWorse I still will put you first LOOOVEEEE
EricGonzo69 Oh it was but I had to watch it alone.
If these bitches won't shut up.. They been talking this whole class!
One more game and one more day of class for me then it's off to TEXAS!!
Trying to find the will not to bitch slap my mother.
No traffic on 635.
Running late because my mom didn't wanna get up but she the main one calling me lazy s m h . Irritated . -___-
no more school
No more looking back, no more regretting, so happy right now!
Dear 50 year old pervert, I look like I'm 12 therefore I could be jailbait so stop flirting with me thanks,
Girl with The Dragon Tattoo!
Just because some1 works at McDonalds don't mean they are dumb. Nikdolphin_ just works there for the discounts and she's in college.
MrPrivateDancer sounds like the Dance family has a knack of going above and beyond the call of duty.
_JessiJade I Hope So, I Have Math Test After 3 Hours nervous :3
All of Little Mix's noses look like they're off The Grinch
You have no right to be mad, if anything i should
Not what I wanted to hear.
I can't believe he came this far. Just a boy with a dream. From Startford to the World. MyWorld2ndAnniversary Proud :')
ArianaGrande Please follow me I've been trying to get to follow me for like a. Year now:(
on my way to the airport to pick up _cassiebennett ! Can't wait
I need to get to a keyboard rather quickly!
TReed_75 I'm not depressed
Great my test got cancelled happy !
rubeBASS she needed a whole gallon though, for real. It was like cigarette mixed with ass.
Two day week sweat pants tomorrow game Tuesday.. Then a much needed break, no way anything can ruin my week
Doctors told me i was a milimeter away from being paralyzed.
combined the magazine has had 61,983 readers in 9 months.
Someone keep me company tonight?
I ALWAYS have something in my eye. Everyday!
Found friends in England from 15 yrs ago on Facebook.
wat we learnt from today's draw: Persie_Official is human after all....
ALd214 CallMeCombo la_sparkle better read my twittascope for today cause I ain't got the time for y'all on nye!
wish somebody would txt me lonely :(
I'm thankful for waking up to another beautiful day. If you're living & breathing, then there's nothing to be depressed about be
RachelCounts I downloaded tiny tower and now I don't know what the freak I am doing!!!!!
During the fall/winter months,no one should have to do anything before 10am. No school work or commitment.
Getting woken up 15 minutes before my alarm is
We were dancing with these 2 freaks, Wow...!!! Those girls...
Vision without action is merely a dream. Action without vision just passes the time. Vision with action can change the world.
Someone needs to tell me what their secret is.
I do not appreciate your spam, you wouldn't spam me in person would you? yea cs I'd spam you back in the face.
cant wait for next year america hopefully excited!
ready to watch LAKERS play!even tho its just preseason,im still Excited !
3 days until OfficialBVB, hollywoodundead, TheOfficialA7X, and afuckinga concert!! My boyfriend gives the best presents 
if I. Didn't answerthe first 10 times wtf makes you think ima answer....NOW -___-
I swear everything else under the sun comes before me...
promise you to be uour light ,in darkness of the night
This update for my iPhone was supposed to help the battery life.
Little_Julita Weirdo_Sarita55 today is gonna be a great day
I love my Mr.Wrong
I showed jessievogt1 Falling In Reverse, and all of the other good bands she listens to.
Crazy already and it's only been on for 20 mins!!
rennypost I know things are tough trust me, I've been thru some stuff. However, it dies t look good to retreat to this.
My GF is texting my mom more than me
Jonny Jolly on Outside the Lines
Appreciates All The Support I Have From Not Only My Family But Josh's Family Too!
fuck man im just here to get 3 fckn shots & they still havent called me in.
Now I don't mind that word bein' said to me....
Shakespeare in love <3 so many good movies tonight
Slapen :) morgen les van 9 tot 1
looks like a brotha has to retire his copy of NCAA 12
i wish i could just clap and my lights would turn off, i really dont feel like going to turn them off :(
I hate haircuts! they alwats cut too much off!
MikkiCHERylCole yesss! We will chat tomorrow about food. Burgers, hotdogs and things?? :-)
wht a way to start my morning.
I really dislike when I see people jocking another person because of their new found fame or an opportunity they were given.
I can NOT STAND  being ignored!
garimaccoll davidwhitehead1 where is there 3 K's in my name? worried ;)
cramps of alll kind suck!
So cold today and cant seem to take in my reading :( my mind is just somewhere else!
Next Sunday this time I will be hanging out in Orlando with the family! excited.
hannah_crawley haha yaaay :D well done! That's amazing!
Slimm_Goodz aunt know all thee scriptures...we been finished grace by thee way
Just had a guided tour in the Wartsila Workshop Zwolle, nice engines we have there, waiting for the customer to be installed!
Dang Haven't Been On Twitter All Day 2Day But I Was Madd Busy.... PPl Are Coim Tomorrow To Pack Up Our Stuff
DONT have kids if all your gonna do is punch on them and curse them out like they're adults! They're kids they cry -_-
Mr postman, please deliver my parcel today, or my plans for Secret Santa are well & truly screwed.
kyleTREJO just let me drive his truck! yay happy (:
I wish thomas would text me BACK
This 1 inch mouse is behind the water heater it cane out for a cheeto and now its round 2 with the lil sucker.!
Can't find anything for Christmas
Watching Spartacus in bed. Good end to the day :)
Long, Hot , exhausting, depro day!!! Dam!!! Looking forward to seeing my Niece :D Think its gonna be TOO *amazing* <3 <3 Kesia :P
Tired of lame ass excuses
I Hate Living In A House With All Boys
Yay!! Suppose to get something tomorrow!!!
Hot chocolate and The Vampire Diaries in my pjs
I've got awesome friends.
i need new friends and hobbies .
Okay headed to this work meeting at wet seal. excited.
AOdeh13 man I havent had chipotle in months!
Wish I could see be home for the boys game tonight.
jobucks But it's Twitter! We need to be outraged! Permanently! Even if it's about Twitter!
thanking the man above for allowing my family nd i to see another day nd good health thankful :)
Thankful to be able to wakeup every morning an be blessed with the gift of life  
OnFrozenPond I would NEVER give them my tickets to sell to STINKING Montreal fans...  NEVER!
you think you're so great, but you're actually just
don't get to go home till tomorrow...
My GrandMother is still here w/ me
Tired of me putting you before others and you not putting me before others. Done doing that!
turning game and tv off for the night, i don't even feel like doing a damn thing.
Another bad hair day
Omg 3  free ipad tweets today...
today's just been one good day
Annoyed at the ppl who try to steal parts off cars. Idiots they can't respect the trust that ppl have…
Silly ignorant commentators keep blaming the 'Chennai heat' without realising it is 'winter' in Chennai!
I just want to punch my head against a table.
It's the little things that make my day bright.
Rod hot chili peppers is heaven to my ears
Finally finished my u.s history class. Already have 25 credits done.
rgoodier you know I will be joining tonight :) baking and chats equal
My moleskine doodle submission received 35 notes:')
Home from the gym, not so happy about my workout
justinbieber watching old videos of you! you've come so far proud <3
selenagomez why the video is blocked in all the other countries !!?
Yay no subjects tomorrow!! :--)
Burger king new fries<<<<<
Hopefully tonights a good night:)
oomf is prolly the one person I know that has 0% swag..
Thinking about my boy Jacob today and how thankful i am to have known such an amazing person.. love you man
Get a job as a ski rep to use my french, they've sent me to a fucking italian resort
Sn00ki going to pick up your book tonight! excited!
I have never been so upset to loose a game in n64 in my life.
Me & my babe have a lot planned this winter (; excited.
algarcia617 bless you I might be coming to Leeds next weekend!!!
Hahah eating chiptole @ 11:30 in the morning?!. :)
They should be here thurs....looks like I'll be walking around the house for a few days can't bust my butt in the snow   nervous lol
Headache is prolonged of course by the price of revision books..
Gods 7 represents completion And his 8 represents new beginning's
Follow me if u
Giants damn Victor Cruz is my boy. Let's go defense! Stop them damn Philly.
NowPlaying Milosh- You make me feel
All of Congress needs to go. We need a clean sweep in Washington.
song you can relate to (:
This lady at the nail shop is trip all in my business, got her head twisted all the way just to be in my convo
Gray replaced black sky between naked tree trunks out the eastern window. The moist air is halfway between chilly and cold.
starting poetry in lit & comp.
MissRavenMarie RED SOLO CUP IS GONNA BE ON GLEE....
MEGbradic I kinda wish you did
The fact that people are crying at x factor makes me cringe so bad embarrassing!
Waitin for breaking dawn to start :-)
330 followers yay Goal:450 followers by new year
That Aussie pro-gay marriage commercial making its rounds on Twitter is exactly what I have, I'm proud to say.
Just met a hipster broad at family video with tattoos, ears pierced, listens to metal/indie, snowboards, and plays skyrim.
Loving my family, always there for each other
prayers go out to the people at VT
Just make a niggga Proud .
I just want to hold somebody in my arms lmaoooooooo forreal tho!!!
Had a great Christmas dinner w/ the Hawks tonight! :-)
awkwardmomentwhen you start laughing by yourself after you think of something funny that happened earlier.
coachdolan32 I tore ligaments in my ankle and I'm hanging in there coach, I'll see you tomorrow with the fam, thank you and I'm
six_two aww lol that's such an awesome title to have!!
Oh shit! Tomorrow's monday! unhappy....
Why does every other website base what they do around Facebook's changes? Come on, Twitter.
Wes welker joined twitter today and already had 25,800 followers... I must be doing something wrong on here
Omg I am the worlds best driver
Spongebob again &+ back to sleep for a lil bit with babygirl (: ;; waiting for babe to get done at school *
4 days till I'm back home :)
Last free weekend of the winter for meeee! Then it's volleyball volleyball volleyball. Yayayaya<3
My husband still has the first pic of me i ever gave him lol which was over 5 yrs ago awwww
Praying for ShawtyLo health condition to get better. LOVE TEAMSLIMSHOW SlimsShow
Few things in life are better than a toasted bagel with a cup of tea
My birthday was way too busy for tweeting, so I didn't get to make a typical birthday tweet
WHY DON'T YOU SHOW ME THE LITTLE BIT OF SPINE YOU'VE BEEN SAVING FOR HIS MATTRESS?
leannestreet RoxWilkins katesivs I think we should introduce MelPople and age to the work of takeawaythursdays hehe excited!!!!!
Why can't u?RT conade1: Jes lookin at dis meatilicious meal buh can't eat sad#
i am hilarious. i should not be single. this is an outrage.
full off that food
2 days into my manicure and already got a chip on the polish....
has been accepted for the Honors application for The American Academy of Dramatic Arts in NYC and LA! <3
I hate when someone next to you is texting on a blackberry!
I hate that I stutter really bad.
looking forward to plans over the christmas holidays. happy(:
There literally is no one on the planet that puts a bigger smile on my face than my little brother.
Someone please take the knife out of my back
s/o to my woman know the feeling of making
I hate marching bands.
First game is one week away.
Someone is testing fire alarms at work ALL DAY. Aaargh.
you make ALL things work together for my good.
SammmyBites I wish I was at the beach =/ dang real job after college dang you
Time to take a shower and get ready for work! CashFlow Excited 2-CLOSE
Yaaa mom time!!! Breakfast, pedicure, shopping...ahhhhh
What I'd do to have youu here!
GCA games then partyin it upp tonight :)
UFConXboxLIVE when will this be available???
And got a google+ page aswell... What are we up-to-date proud :P
Monday I'm getting my geometry class changed tht bitch stupid she dnt knw how to teach for shit I haven't learned anything so far Sad.
Worst thing about winter is getting up, and its still dark.. Depressing.
go to sleep < practice senior dance nervous DanaLynnMarie
Amazed but by no means surprised at how well my mate´s band is doing. I think they´re playing Roskilde next.... :O I mean whut?!
Ugh!seriously...nothing is set...and you are gone...simply gone...*poof* I get it and all but seriously?!!!!'
MikeeJReds is the 4th result when you search Mikee on google.
Tucked up in bed, watching lauras star, with my christmas tree lights on, and finishing my history work.
From Savannah to Albany to Atlanta To Florida I swear DJDCCORONA is the best dj I ever ran across
IT'S SNOWINGGG!! I had to slap my roommate
been sitting at a red light for 7 minutes
That awkward moment when you're singing&dancing in your room and ChordOverstreat walks in staring at you like you're crazy o.o
Hot jellof rice after sitting in a cold library
He literally did the sweetest thing...if he had a twitter I would shout him out.
My Bro MallyDntShootUm texts me every morning sayin goodmorning sis nd Sa'MyMy...thats
NinaJackson699 imacelebrity still gutted dec didn't parade round in his plums for my personal enjoyment though antanddec
Everytime I want to start studying, I make up an excuse not to.
Hey ladies dnt get Stuck. Yu will always end up
Such a good day
Tomorrow I plan on sleeping past 10 for the first time in 2 months
Jsbeingpositive thanks for watching council with us!
Mmm, the rest of this weekend should be great. :D
Lunch at Lilette with my mother. Jessica Harris at next table over. Gorgeous day in New Orleans. Feels like a special occasion.
Wow 430,000 Jews arrived at Auschwitz an within minutes of arrival over 65% were sent straight to the cambers.
Osoo89 lool...is that right spencer and mike...
Gf is about to call me :)
The most depressing point in life is when your currently aren't talking to anyone ! :(
I'M SO ALONE “khyliedee: Woah bro, it's thespian time! excited”
Smiling from ear to ear
Hamdallah 4 another day
Seriously, shut the hell up
This gym really reminds me of fort benning..
Of course the first time I donate blood, I go unconscious ... The only one today who went unconscious ...
When it comes to you, EVERYTHING is worth fighting for.
Theres certain things tht u do in life to make ur parents happy, well i juss did one of those for my dad!!
twitter isn't for tweeting every song you hear.
If I don't respond the first seven times, there's a 99% chance I won't reply the eighth time
Houston weather is sooooo bipolar
Had a great night
umm SammyAdams RT's taking over my twitter
Take every chance. Drop every fear.
As I board my plane in 15 minutes, It really hits me that I will not see Nashville til August :(
pgregoryyy look at me! Why did you let me look like that?!
People are already waiting in line outside of Best Buy.
S/O to Tammaraqdk thanx for the follow
MythBusters  Are y'all in major trouble? Is everyone okay?
needel17 mike_harper30 glad to see you guys are on a talking basis again...
Love that most of my friends work at the same place.
The countdown to my vacation has started. 11 work hours left until I'm off until the end of the year.
Seriously all I want to do is make a simple photo book...but pictures refuse to upload
DON'T CALL ME, TEXT ME, I.M ME,INBOX ME,THINK BOUT ME,HML,TML,TWEET ME DON'T DO NOTHING.!!!! Heated.! Irritated.! Aggravated.!
Those were probly the worst basketball games ive ever played
I can't believe you would throw it all away! I don't give up that easy!!
My parents aren't buying a christmas tree this year because they don't feel like it... Where's the christmas spirit?
2 finals next week
Eating on the way to the dentist was probably not my best idea
Tuckertown Yes, but it was operator error and all better now:) thankful!
kittybeatzz haha please dont I miss your shaved smooth legs
Feeling akward without my TSizzle jersey on 2day...I hope dat ain't a bad sign of things 2 come.
Morning all! Working on lakes leisure's brand new website today ready for the launch at the end of the week hopefully!
I hate when I don't drink my coffee fast enough.
Rajni birthday tomo and celebrations have started yday. Bharathiyar's bday today and half the proud tamilians do not know!
These Niggas Stay In Lust With The Biggest Slores.
You guys are all shady now, wtf happened!
making plans with my best friend for her to come down her soon
Love You! LOL XOX ~ Lori Moreno
Never Again Will I Come To A Fuckin Hospital At This Time !
SuttonPierce can't wait to hear the winners for the FreeDollhouseGiveaway :) <3
Our late night conversations (:  love(:
The weather is a troll! Minutes after the Lunar Eclipse starts the cloud cover comes rolling in
justinbieber I'm excited! can not wait , much
Turkey is in the oven and now to start making some of the sides! Have a Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
kaley_long6 how sad, hayes_hunter never writin back & we givin him thee most love !
Bruhbiebeer Bruh We are in the same situation! I also took a course on interviews and this Friday I have a proof about course! =)
Like seriously fuck chemistry. Can't even study because I don't even fucking know what this book is saying
I love when johnstrandell picks me up from school.
AndreaThomas2 seriously-was awful! Took both drinks back for new ones & the second ones wer'nt the best
SkinnyInTheCity but nah.... Now I get to go to church and watch the game!
if I knew any better I'd say it's time for
apparently it's nationalcupcakeday but I haven't seen a damn cupcake all day
Awh...I actually can't believe that I was the first person to buy ' Up All Night' from HMV in Shrewsbury proud :-)
Pot of tea with Mom, overlooking the ocean.
zanenuttall I thought you were better than that.
Building our website! Can't wait until it's live so you all can see what Helping Hands is up to!
Those people who feel the need to physically harass people's children just cause they're friends
I have a new cousin!
Wonder what it's like to be a bitch? Itry but I just can't.
Iswear if this lady cough one more time
Oh god my mom was just singing the WTF song -.- embarrassing!
Is Old Navy retarded?! Why the heck would they make a musical shirt for kids.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
Just when I was about to give up on finding anything good to watch on Netflix tonight - Black Adder on instant streaming!
“MR_LIGHTBRIGHT: InHighSchool  teetweets_x3  was in rotc lmao” YES I WAS :)
At one point n time ppl said I wouldn't make it to see 21....now I'm 25 bout to be 26......
avlakop so i'll go now <3 see u soo soon
Its funny how you think soneones there for you but there not...
It's really sad when your friends change, especially when its not for the better.
Got my Panera Bread cherry popped, , smokehouse turkey panini and i made
MarriageTinz on M̶̲̥̅γ̲̣̣̥ mind but MoneyTinz 1st....
Smh never fails... Hella
KickAssStewart I was wondering the same.... At least Rob and Taylor are nominated.
My husband is my rock.
Adennis803 you come home TOMORROW!!! and theengagementparty is SATURDAY!!!
I couldn't even get in this rum cake, but its cool Im in that tomorrow happiness :)
I hate when my mom cries when she cant buy me and my sister material things. She doesn't understand that I don't care!
Getting ready to go to Mankato with danajo333! :) excited :)
Getting ready to go out and see BoxfullofGhogs playing tonight at the Live Lounge.
karlnoelle ha thanks :) what a fitting site!
freddiejturner it was supposed to be an easy game as well disappointing !
Follow through with your plans
Damaris_Veloz I would if I could, you know I like taking care of you
I thought bout it. No party. Gonna rest at home for tha biggest college show case of my life.! nervous AF
Eating Heath Chocolate Ice Cream. =P~ Happy.
My roommate is gone tonight...
I am so blessed.
So I Told My Family Am Moving To San Maros, Anxious!
How in the world am I sore from lifting lightweight..?
Omg HATEHATEHATEHATEHATE feeling Ill!
It seams like every dog wants to fucking bark as soon as I start to fall asleep.
Salvation through Jesus. My wonderful new husband (cartermartin). My family. Great food. Current sunshine.
Going to use my free drink voucher in Starbucks now.
I just so happened to be lucky for my dude to be my best friend.
5 sleeps till Christmas Excited !!
So my interview went really well !!!! I Find out tommorow - I hate waiting .
baileylizbailey watching pretty woman. Such a julia roberts filled weekend
I don't get it, why are people unfollowing me so much all of a sudden?
I remember being little and being sooo hyper my mom used to make me drink root beer beer. Hahaha
The cutest little asian baby just graced me with her presence
Getting my final criminology grade
India fwendddd down in Nottingham today excited :D
Feels good to laugh!
Karmin isn't going to be at Eaglepalooza anymore.
Old people have such attitude
i can feel that the time is near... Lord i know your provision will ALWAYS be ON TIME.
ohhhhhhhhhhhh. imma get 3000 tweets in a lil bit.
S/O 2 my new follower YeaiMSteezin much love Teamfollowback ;)
Dark af at 5pm?
ashleygutii doesn't stop talking!!
That song by musiq soulchild called Love  >>>>>>>>>>>>>
Eating pringles, being lazy when I'm suppose to doing my assignments
I swear my other phone has dissapeared into a black hole in my room!!
i swear im going to punch this girl in her face
topratedlaptops Thanks Retweet this Please and ask your friends to follow thank you
So many people out and about for Black Friday while I'm at home in my PJs working on 1 of 3 papers... Still! I am thankful!
But wearing a satin bonnet in public is definitely worse!.. .. ..
One more day before the weekend !
First plate done.  Time for a nap!
Can't get that image of that boy 'dougie'in' out of my head - at lunch today
Ohhh! I know you're right by your phone.
I guess i just cant handle things the way  you want me to. sad.
WhereAmaznHappn that's nice...I would like to get a drink tonight but seeming that there isn't anywhere cool to do that.......LOL smh
thatawkwardmomentwhen there's a video of you and your team dancing.embarrassing baylz211 chandler_horton mads416 bbrooklynhall
S/O to my 2 new followers :) I appreciate the
Pulling up to the gas pump to see the last person's purchase $ is 27.01..
I hate when I send a message and the reply is what? Like d.MN can you not read or comprehend!
MomentsICanNeverForget when I first met RELL_ThatGuy lol
Two months today I'll be flying
Sitting on the couch watching treehouse with a very fevered little girl.
ryanochoa is an amazing actor' and i love Pair of Kings, i just wish that he followed me back :( LOVE 9
BSBCarterFan awwww :( i have to miss the concert when they come near me too....
Woke up to a stressful day...but at least I woke up!!!
And the snow begins.
Those people who decide it's ok to misspell every word in the english language the second they get on a computer.
I write to you hoping that my words can accentuate the things my eyes say and my actions portray while you lay in my arms
Sitting out due to injury makes you really appreciate being able to practice
Woah, Becoming a Woman Who Listens to God is such a good book.
I love waiting around for people..
My Baby Brother Is My Everything . We Do Everything Together .
Just had a bad dream about a gorilla :(
Biology final in 10 min!
Why is my mom such a bitch
I shampooed and conditioned my hair 3 times and it still smells like bonfire smoke. Ughhh.
I feel left out.
It feels great to be one of the few that my University feels are worthy enough for this trip... It's a true honor...
the thing is Karl Lagerfeld not supporting curvy models, only skinny or size 0!
dean_drayton what we gonna do on tuesday nights now?
You know your home alone when you walk downstairs and there isn't a single light on.
staying in, painting on a Friday night... creepily excited about it.
Tweeting about being drunk and high all the time just makes you look
Sitting here until traffic die down..
* iknoo ijust received like 60 txts in the first 10 mins of MYbirthday
Bed time. What a great day. thankful.
Mid9yt snack ; peanut and soda(Coke) ....
Isn't retweeting & sharing tweets enough to show you like what they have to say? Do you have to post 'FOLLOW @ blahblah' a 100x!?
cklikesdykes I wish I could go see it with youuuuu!
_GusGriswald_ I liked 3 songs
Hide and go seek in the dark
lsu playing so decent !
Everybody hate this weather but... Udine is so romantic today.
Pilates is going to be my new obsession
Even though the NHLFlyers are doing amazing right now, I still miss my future husband CarBombBoom13
Thank the lord its the weekend:)
A miracle on 34th street.
SophieLaura_x awww baby.!<3 missing you 2 .!
Aww you and drewmoss3 missed me
ChrisPaul went to the Lakers , whaaat ? Were qonna talk about it when you qet home baby
Out of school for today already!
Dflllll my Homegirl just sent me a video of dis boy eat'n her pussy
Oh... Its friday and I study for an math exam.
“CEOKhacki Blessed to see another God given day Thankful”
Oh just going to the bar I went to last night to see if my birth control is there
Can't wait for Skrillex and Nero!!!!!
can not wait for Menchies this coming week :)
The countdown to indy will begin in a couple weeks. Kinda feeling
Just realized that the zipper on my jeans was unzipped. Hope CSchaeffer58 didn't see that when he stopped by.
It's 3:05pm why hasn't a cow flew past my window yet
Filling my iPod with Christmas tunes! Maaaaahhhhhhhh!!!!!!
enkimy J'ai pu voir Skyrim à l'œuvre chez un ami... j'adore. Mais solo, pas pour moi :/
Words cant describe what you do to me
Glad to say my dinner came out beautiful
She spit on the floor then moved to another seat!
I just need someone to come comfort me!
albedesigning lying is something I don't know how to do
seeing my baby tonight.
im really going to the philippines.
GodBodyTrav SGredBottomBoss yal stunted this past weekend...
Close Yho Mouth When You Eat Dayum !
ShortybangIzzy okaayyy love yah...yah got to be mo careful!!!
I'm going to sing the proud family song for 2omf tomorrow lol
So glad chivalry isn't dead.
Baby If you stay by my side all be screaming to the world how much I love you!
Great album man!  I absolutely love it. wale.
I love how after someone has like upset you so much they want to turn around and cover everything up like they didn't do anything
skipabeat77 AW THANKS SWEETHEART GOD BLESS YOU TOO!!
it's the way i'm feeling i just can't deny.. :-) love <3
i can't wait for 25 days of christmas too start!! <3
You piss me off
Freddiear16 i cant use my fb anymore..
I'm always hungry no matter what.
I <3 <3 <3 <3 mi beautiful bby cuzzin.!:))
Tomorrrow can't come fast enough.
Whys it hurt to think about it..
Mum's kitchen pinger has found it's way onto my fridge and there are labrador hairs everywhere.  Home has never felt more like home.
NissaWatterson i remember when I took forever in the bathroom
Let's go birds. Play with some
That final wasn't so bad... got all worried for no reason
emiliiss and whatsalizzy hey I feel like when you two constantly retweet each other, it just gets sent to the same people.
raqwithme damn quels i aint on no kelz shit now i thought we was better than that hurt lol
why do we have to go to school?
Talk does not cook rice.~Chinese proverb
mom told me, my Christmas is gonna suck 'cause im getting my presents on Boxing Day disappointed.
jaydeybaby_  such an unexpected moment in the movie!! Im still sad about it
he's always on my mind...
lbitravel i had a great day with my guy too..
3 weeks today until Christmas!!! :D
Maybe next year
SarahCudby HAHAHA no. It is a nice night and I enjoy seeing all the kids beaming smiles
I really wish my mom would go ahead and buy my princess probz shirt I'm not fond of waiting
the luxury of being home means I have someone else to kill the giant effing spider in my shower.
Gotta get this project and essay done.. Shouldn't have waited till the last night to finish them!
Where is one ov ma bestii's wen ii need em...
Everybody ups and Downs. But I grateful the good lord woke my ass up this Morning.  He didn't having to
Oooh, I just bought a jumper, with pom-poms! It should be here for Tuesday!
Today has NOT been my day.
My bottom right eyelid won't stop twitching, and it's driving me bat crap crazy.
I can never find the remote!!!!
ljwel yeah he's a fast learner! I can't wait - gonna be great!
pep rally & homeopener tmrw! can't wait :P
jimbo2728 skelie1704 skysportsjules haha!! Good night...nice to meet you. Please stop Dan doing what I asked
Wearing a bow tie to work tomorrow
Maybe I should learn to control my facial features a little bit better picturesontimesdaily EMBARRASSING!
If you ever leave me babe, leave some morphine at my door!
Lol i sound like a alcoholic . plus I spelled it wrong :/
chrisspurr No direct option to buy any sneaks :(
i hate peachtree right now...
Workings just a pain
Decided I want a new tattydevine name necklace for Christmas. In purple glitter acrylic... Ooh and make it big... Earrings too...
PurpleKutee AAAAWWW DANG HOMEY...NOW IM NOT GONE HAVE ANYBODY TO LAUGH WITH IN CLASS.....
Enjoy love, like to eat chocolate :)
mahonalon we really need to discuss. Come round soon and we shall
IfIHadMoney, I Would Surprise Some Of My Lil HighSchool Buddies With ChickFilA For Lunch Tomorrow Cause They Been Working So Hard :)
Shmavv is being a bitch and wont let me clean the blood off my ear.
One of my boots is sagging
CowboyCotton21 he Popped one in class
yowhatupbroth DJ_FreshAir WHERE WAS MY INVITE?!
I swear all I see at lifetime now are a bunch of spanish speakers
Chill tonight then its all about tomorrow night  excited!
I'm no where near sleepy
I love when people do nice things that make my day
droba with a diet coke on the side ... ppl might start mistaking me for EvanWDoyle .
AmberWinders23 i did one night get over it already
Someone come rub my back please and thank you don'tfeelgood
After my 12:15 class im finally going home happy happy & happy !
Iguess im doing nothing tonite
I am so blessed thankful #
Sooo you gotta go through a freaking maze just to get to class!
So stoked how the pictures came out. Uploading them right now. excited :)
Why do you find the need to take a new picture of yourself everyday?
He needs to stop being such a creeper..
Fucking phone, IF YOU EVER GET AN IPHONE 4S,  DONT LET THE BATTERY DIE, IT WONT FIND SERVICE AND YOU WONT BE ABLW TO TEXT
so today JustBeArely and Pinkkyy_ made me something Happy :D
I didn't come over here to wait on u
I wonder where my dad is I have not heard from him all day
When I tell y'all God has been too good to me....Man
Sunday morning . I used to be doing aerobic activity now , but at this time I didn't have to . Its because I have to do my work
I can't wait...!!!
ugh i want food but i don't know what i want
KatyJaynex No worries babe if it makes you happy! xXx
find it sad that we arent making a bigger deal over the fact that the war is over in Iraq.
Ladyarya robinsonlee24 jimmyjambo78 I wish I could see you all too! :-(
I can't wait until our  MIAMI trip OMG Excited :) KuShxSeXxMoNey LayLayAhBoss
eeeek cyberdog have one coat left!!! NEED IT!!!
Last day until Thanksgiving Break!
A in my capstone. Now I have to study my butt off for that A in my domestic relations class.
GUYS IT'S NOT EVEN THE WEEKEND YET AND I HAVE DONE SO MUCH WORK productive AND Slightlyimmoral andddd
Putain j'ai pas eu la pub WOW avant d'ouvrir une TC.
justinbieber Aaaaaa I can't stop listening UnderTheMistletoe! It's so AMAZING! I love you   Please notice me! Proud 45
Don't care what I look like kinda day... Than I bump into JustSaiyann
Hooked up our cable and my tv only gets 19 channels
These polish workers outside my window need to pipe down
My Charger Boys Won & I Did The Stats Right. POW Proud :)
So I was gonna watch Ceja play his football game today but I got practice -__- fuck you crossfit conditioning! I hate you!
Damn there is alot of yall...
Going to sleep happy >
Av to get to 24 naw
Track starts tomorrow....
uhhh I love kids ! I can't wait to have my own ....
TheKillerRabbit ah dang. I have a water aerobics/basket weaving class that meets those 4 months.
...Lunch : ) Today  WILL BE FriedFish WITH POTATOES = )  A Delight ; )
Concept_Karim yooo Karim! Guess what!!! 4 days ;) excited xx
i miss you so much!! hirap pa din ako mag move on
I noticed that I swear so much when I'm at school but when I get home I dont cause my mom still gets pressed when I do lol
Trying so hard. Make it all go away.
Love how my apartment still smells like fkn breakfast... -_-
OMG just woke up and it smells and feels like Christmas! eeeeeek
Went to the atm and took out almost $100...
FREAKING OUT. lol first extemp tournament tommorow 0.0
I b on my lazy shit forreal
What a weekend for college football.. that's what it's all about
Why does everything have to go wrong when you've looked forward to it happening for ages...
I got 2 admit I miss my COWs JustJabbz and kwanele ...
No sleep because my bro likes to blast MW2 when I'm trying to sleep!
IamAaronDeacon And Obviously To Support You Too Regardless Man Its All LOVE :)
Elf is on and I havnt seen one tweet from ccasey94
Some of my male followers are the biggest pervs ever yo smh.
so glad I only have half my classes tomorrow.
Tomorrow is 11/11/11 , yeah well tomorrow is also exactly 2 months before OTH season 9 premiers <3
Technology ruins tradition?! Parents can now sign up to have their kids a skype date with santa claus.
Seeing to many duck posts.
Man fucks woman. Subject verb object.
I firmly believe hanie is the worst quarterback in the NFL
I love how you all will read that but act as if none of you did
Being without the other half of your life is the worst thing ever.
ok, back to running that marathon...
RiverOfDeceit30 the_guy Got to go home 4 awhile today.
How did I wake up? I was only asleep for 3 hours
Just saw the first BB winner Craig in reading
Got my job back for the break! :)
My mother just bought an iPhone.  Now even my mom is more with-it than I am!
My jets are hard to watch at times this year!
can't wait til later. happiness.
needs to find a good formal wear and make a convincing speech for friday!
People in my flat clearly do not have the brains to turn a hob off.
working out is the only thing that relaxes me but i can't workout without being in pain
Watching Rugrats. How did I ever like this show?
why do people change their picture all the time? its so
Everything is derived from LOVE!
Chicks are crazy I tell u , create fake accounts on FB jst e scrutanize yah . Nxa
AaronTheAnomaly how much loseerrr!:-) well I'll ask EmmaTamsin if she wants too gooooo too! omg,
aye. I dnt know why my dad went to the gym. He NEEDS to rest! :(
wonder what im getting for christmas
Yayyyy ! Nicki's Gonna Be On Xfactor Tonight :D
Just left my house for school and its still dark
Breaking Dawn is out today! OMG! let's go watch!! :D
Interview went totally fine, a bit mind blowing to be at the Universal office though...
KetzS I love you man
Smh she has to do betta
deadmau5 discography is taking forever to download!
Thanks to Mrs. Freeman I can no longer drink non-organic milk.
Shannon_Mullan Angry Birds just got an update
Great day with my family & bestfriend,   Im so worn out, time for bed. Shopping in the Morning! :)
Ska f.ö se Serenades imorgon!!
Made it to Denver in one piece
diplo SteveAngello rivalry!!! Then hot pink delorean tonight!!!
japoole8 My laptop does exactly the same thing
Just downloaded a new twitter app!!
funegrl262 Ya I guess..I'm really upset so tired of being in pain all the time, I work so hard at getting better!!
why o why o why am I tired ?
With OOMFS to the game!
have pit passes for Talledega this coming year excited :D
i've been a part of MARS300
Driving to cookeville to spend the weekend with jtseals42
I hate that money change him
I talk shit but i still hold it down fa you, yea dats love !!!
LairdHannah watching the academites do their thing!!
So glad I don't get so drunk to where I make a fool of myself.
So I'm seein Congrats tweets RozMcK. .... Has this got anything to do w a Special ring being placed on a ur elegant finger???
you kno I like you allot! so let's give us a shot are you gonna kiss me or not ????
when peoples name start with j and end with e They Must Be
Why do I feel like this?!!
Listening to my coldplay's playlist literally cheered me up! :)
That chick bugs me for some reason
An item that only cost 7:99 I leave spending $205 WTF!!!!!!
Has anyone seen the forever lazy product?Come on really? Does that idea piss anyone else off
Going to ride the fourwheeler with REDNECKHIPPYGUH
i lose so much hair
I haven't been negative on social networks for 2 days! proud!
Mom getting mad at the dumbass drive thru order guy! Of course HE'S MEXICAN!
GrisCx has my phone, take care of it!!!
NP My Hero - Paramore (acoustic version)
these FearFactor challenges dont even involve fear except for the scorpians one.
So I tried to be all sneaky at work and hide out in my car to listen to the KONGOSMUSIC interview on TuksFM1072, didn't work...
GM Twitter!! Omw 2 the gym and how I miss my friends at the other gym :(
Yaaaay , Melissa finally got a debit card :)
Had a good night with family
Got drunk last night and lost. Thank god there are still nice ppl in the world. A stranger let me stay at her house then took me home.
Damn gotta read this novel. . .
marielgiro rdfhmnbhjgdituyhrwfj what time are you coming to campus excited.
having no boyfriend is like getting picked last in gym class
someone find a cure to d_millyy whistling nose
majornelson haven't got it yet hopefully soon!
AbsolutMaddness iamsbee LOL.. iamsbee it's out of share boredom of missing BBM you searchg daily on twitter to build a vibes
I can't control my emotions oshdhslbsisgso
at diner at a table near me. lady tells waitress half hour ago 'I'm waiting for my friend, I don't know where she is'. lady still alone
Cannot believe they put the christmas tree up at home without me
I wish I had more friends.
Glad desiree see the hoe that i been seeing .! Smh
I'm reading this online article about Thanksgiving and it is proven that 80% of Americans only give thanks on this day
I just want to go home
PayDay Up early ima be Christmas shopping all-day JoLLy!
Sometimes things don't go the way you planned. But it'll all work out in the end.
Good mood. Chef mode. And 'Two and a half men'. Bliss.
When did it EVER occur to you that I enjoy being stroked and/or massaged, fuck outta here with that.
So much love in this building, west over everything
i talk so much shit when im bored :| how do people put up with me?!
Knowing that ill be coming home to a spotless house tonight
Getting the itch to hunt again, ready to get a first year bowhunter her first deer down, mean more to me than any buck I'll kill
Uncharted until the feast is ready.
24 more days until Christmas (:
bpolinsky74 tweeted the wrong name, but i know
Still here in Eastwood.. Having dinner at CookBook Kitchen with a friend.. :) ordered squash soup, shrimps and garlic, and Pomodoro. happy!
I hate joining a game and there's like a minute left in mw3
canadianboy17 PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!! DREAMSDOCOMETRUE please notice me trying hard since the beginning :) <3 <3 <3 proud BELIEBER 58
Just dropped my USB pen with all my uni work on, in the dogs water bowl. Thankfully it seems ok.
Finally finished Let It Snow with crazymerm!
S/o ashanti an Nelly,. They still together,
After not watching Serendipity in years..I forget how it ends.
Powerliftings canceled.. im going to cry myself to sleep every night.
I JUST DONT UNDERSTAND SOME PPL
anyone else already sick of preseason basketball dunk highlights
On the way to Rahmat Gallery Wildlife Museum ... For the 1st time!!
S/o to my grandmother once again for being the reason why I don't have to stand in line for those jordans ;)
lush night with the lover  Happy :)
eh, my girls really want me in chiiii tonight, so imma make this move anyway. I'll be back in Blo-No in the morning! Excited :)
Brandon just left to go to the cowboys without meee.
During the biggest times of struggle it just gives God the biggest opportunity to show how big He really is!
My lil cousin to intelligent.
So proud of all who gave their testimony at CelebrateRecovery ur lives are a great example of Gods grace what a fantastic program
brie can go fuck itself. disgusting.
36 days till Christmas! excited ((:
Everyday on fb it be the same pple saying no school today who else they need to take they ass to school & get that education
Tomorrow i move out of the house that ive been living in since the day i came home from the hospital
Just booked WHotels Chicago City Center!!! Woot toot!!!...Ready to hit the windy city!!!
i dont want to leave the beach tomorrow   sad:(
To The World: Americans have a commonly compartmentalized mind. It can never be anticipated. Get that and you will be much happier.
I can not wait to see my friends & family!!
SteeleSimz Tomorrow against the Hurricanes! TheMentalist and VanCanucks!
DemiZing no followback?
Finally break is here!
Thanks so much sa mga boss ko JDA, MJG, and MLL nag anda for my bday kahit bukas pa. :)
Everybody bout to leave
Blocking me wont give you solution rather face me
won the hockey match against lancaster
cant wait for this weekend ! haning out with my cousin <3
mdboyler24 Christmas FM is back!
So AVFCOfficial should have the App sorted by mid November...... Only 11 months left then.
Down south bound......ready to hit it.....got thangs and people waitin on me...
Needs a money tree!
Josh krajcik you kill me..
!!!!!!RT TrueSagittarian: Sagittarius thinks highly of themselves.
I haven't gone to a good party in so long .
Why do my videos always either fail or end up posting sideways?
I knw I miss my bestie ga_peachlover too...
It sucks when your friends get into a relationship and forget bout their friends
HamishLaing ive got myself a couple times, seeing it on my timeline :L
hoda_muth28 Blackburn also said that he'll give me a bid if I want to join Kappa Alpha Theta, a fraternity at UA!
basketball season hurry your ass up
To me black friday means that it's the start of the christmas time
Public transit (n)
First day of work at white house black market!
Can't wait for the American country awards tonight!!
Maybe it wasn't a mistake.. Hahah
tcarr11 can't even retweet you...d
I just want to go to the gym.. why can't the doctors make this go faster!
Skyline chili in Anderson in.
When will I get to have fun?
I'm in a HOUSE. A real proper house. In a quiet area (who knew those even existed in PaP?). For 3 glorious weeks. Oh happy day!
I have my first final in 30 minutes... Not going to die, not going to die, not going to die... In the name of Jesus it'll be ok!
dfghjklkjhgfdfyuikil,.mnbfgtyuik. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO TONIGHT.
I never get to sleep in
Welcome to my new love  SaveMoreMiami
Im ready too sockk someone !
so i didn't sleep for 26 hours just to watch Arsenal!!
We're thankful for meghanlinsey and all she does!!  She is such a blessing!! :)
nicdachick enjoy ur last day, I'm working till Friday morning! Of till the 9th though so all good. Not long now!!
calling me out like that? Pull that stick out your ass.
Jazzyphae213 she doing gud!!! She will b 3 Thursday!!!
,  * givinq a big shoutout to _diordior go follow ya girl show her some LOVE...
I dont want my brother to leave..
Now I kinda wish they would have stayed gone for aweek..attitude annoying rude af
ThingsThatAreDead : saving your first time for someone special
Seriously what is the fn point in making plans if they never friggin' go through.
Volleyball today was crazy 6 hours of playing!
justinbieber OMG! 1HOUR untill ROCKFELLER CHRISTIMAS TREE LIGHTING . I'am very exited, your performance with MariahCarey follow? PROUD 0
Doing course work on the last day of six form
Can't get this song out of my head!!!! God gave me you- blake shelton!!!
I don't have to be me 'till Monday. <3
I hate when people on Facebook say LMS for a goodnight post. Just Stfu and go to sleep.
My breakfast exploded AND I fell over while I was rocking out with my sister and my air guitar. Not a good morning.
GBarlowOfficial Shame you couldnt of both done a few more songs! :) Some Christmas ones together. PS! I bought your solo albums Proud X
Just woke up to a  cappuccino and cinnamon rolls on my first day of Christmas Break!
Finally about 2 chow down lol Thankful lol
I have every other colour of clothing but  red...
I hate when my parents try to have control over who I date. I'm gonna be with him even if you don't like it!
Thinking about how thankful I am to have met so many amazing founders this year - you made my year exciting! founding
Trial shift tomorrow and rugby game first time in our new kit
wald86 not seen it. Basle are terrible we use to play them in uefa cup about 4 years ago
The proud moment when you're almost on top of all your coursework
Don't you just hate it when your just about to pour milk on your brekki, give it a sniff and discover it's off
so glad justinbieber is back in the UK this week! XFACTOR mistletoe excited 28
That annoying piece of hair that refuses to stay straight after straightening it ...
Reading my prayer journal, I realize it's true...some of Gods greatest gifts are unanswered prayers.
They workn for the free cuz NONE of these niggas tippin!
Pretty chilled day, I'm happy :)
virginmedia Just had the engineer visit..problem still exists. 4th day running and no internet. Just what I needed
- ii wanna kno who came upp with all these crazy wordss !
in one of those 'i hate everyone' moods.
Yes it was stated that tiger woods died at the dominican republic resort
first thanksgiving in the bay! this is truly a beautiful place!
I wish me and my mom didnt fight.
Ladies please don't show pictures of your bellys when ur fat
Wow her momma strtd passin her off as a girl when the dad left
illuxxia Thank you so much for keeping us  updated during events with A & S..You've been a huge help to us.Hoping those 2 are okay
Dear mind, pleas stop changing your mind. Sincerely, very confused
4 days till Christmas and its 73 degrees -_-
Anyone know how to get my giant cat to stfu?
thomaswdrd funny being a asshole and no Florida isnt playing. lsu and bama are
Lost 4 poundss, wooo its a start!
bboersen as if 'I Don't Want This Night To End' LukeBryanOnline video isn't viewable in Canada yet
I started giving christmas gifts to my staff =) they loved it!
This is going to be a long night for me I went to sleep after coming for the park now I'm wide awake and still ain't heard from her
So williamryankey jst passed by&I couldn't get a pic w/ him cuz he was in a rush but he said they're coming out after the show :D
Everything you do makes me smile
Really need to start doing my Christmas shopping! Only a week to go!
That ish crazy i aint had my check fa 24 hrs yet and ppl already askin me fa money they know wen i get paid better than i do.
I neeeeeeeeed to get TalkThatTalk today
I hate everyone in this fucking class. Because of all you, I have an f. -___-
Alph4Numb3r where's our hero?!?
The new Muppets movie isn't coming out until 10 February here in Dublin. FEBRUARY.
I feel myself useless, it's not good!
Unfortunately, being supportive doesn't entail getting mad at a certain someone for not sending a letter in over 2 weeks...
There is a price called sacrifice that you need to pay for love.
eating cake & drinking moutain dew 4 in the morning . . . depressed . .
going to look at cars(:
Youknowitsreal when your lady gives up all of her bad habits just to be better and prove you that she wants to be ur perfect girl.
Ladies and gentlemen, I think I've found the perfect person to take my senior pictures. :D
Waiting for this day all week!
I love this feeling.
my lesson was cancelled so me and my friend are at my house and just chilling ^^
So far my dinner is looking good! excited :D
i hate being single
So my best friend LoganFoehl met dfreese23 ... Props of being a MizzouCheerleader I guess!
Lawd! We Live In A World Where Babies Having Babies
I love KENandBALINA because I don't need a filter.
My neighbors suck. I didn't miss their obnoxious noise on break
Feeling stuffed Thanks to all the texts today. I got some great friends.
Goinng to learnn how to maake bleaching trays excited :D
hellokeebs I blasted that song on my way back from the city!
cant seem to get you off my mind but i know your not thinking about me
WHAT IS THIS TWITVID THAT LEVINE POSTED?
Bit of motd and bed
when SophiewheatleyX says that buses sleep..
So thanksgiving is in 2 dayss...
I thought I grabbed a ham and cheese hotpocket, but I got a Philly steak an cheese one
ah. hopefully todays a good day, feelin
Driving alone is so weird
listening to christmas musicc.<3
Talking to you makes me smile again.
Haha when people tweet about others and don't say it to there faces!
Ppl is too old to be on twitter tryin to argue wit ppl half they age i aint on nun of that
No means no. What do you not get about thatt!
The best feeling in the world is knowing you actually mean something to somebody.
So mad thinking back on the ISU loss... Would have been national championship bound hands down...
louiiealbanese you just made my day
When people waste your time....
Pizza nd Movie night
Damn, I swore I was going to do homework tonight...
Arsenal, Arsenal nothing changes in that defence!! Kmt And Wenger persists with this junk: Fabiansk,manone, Djourou, chamakh
Need something/someone to cheer me up...
Thought you were not  one of them
My dads getting too emotional about strictly. He wants a bromance with Harry
I do not like the current Jeopardy champion and his mannerisms
Could sleep for a week! In fact if this snow continues I think I just might
I'm so excited !!! <3
greysonchance Selamat pagi Grey ! :D can’t wait for tonight !
Typed a paper. Got deleted. Had to REDO it.
I need a gym buddy..
Awesome awesome awesome friends and family.
RAGE demo now available on the Playstation Network. It's a flawed game, but the combat is a blast. Definitely worth a try.
Would it be too sad to head to bed and read?? feelingoldashell and disgusting!
Blackburn fans should hang there heads in shame
Hopefully I get some cool birthday gifts today!
Really wish my Internet would start working so I could get on my laptop.
sandtdesigns now that actually sounds good, but how many piss poor unfunny knock-offs do there have to be.
Wish break would have started this week..
Really shepton?! Another teacher being arrested for sexual assult
When i was younger i always thought the Gaza strip was something belly dancers did...
Watch us all die tomorrow..
Curry night oh yeah.
I admit it. On my last holiday to the UK, I bought the cats home a new bowl each.
Tonight was fun just stayin home. tomorrows the last day and then summer break!
Going t SNSD concert on Saturday ! excited .
why do blackberry batterys not even last a day frustrated!
This phone really doesn't stop ringing -.-
DOWNLOADING ECHOES OF SILENCE
i need a hug from iBeMental
That was great everyone, made my night
OMR I'm so sad... I dont know why, maybe is because my bff doesnt talk to me and me neither...
Put your tits away. Don't you have any fucking respect for yourself.
Another TheXFactor song hoping to be the Xmas number one that has nothing to do with Xmas.....
When people throw papers at me. annoyed.
Wahhh im being such a pussy right now lol & my finger wont stop twitching .. annoying .
MurryBarber723 You're soooo good!
caseybrett omg!!!! I'm going to kill you!!!!! Take this off! Hahaha
Gonna see my cousin whos comin home from college for winter break
drake ft rihanna - take care <3
Got a busy weekend ahead of me, but it's gonna be fun!
Wow I hate when you hash tag and it creates other words and you look like an idiot.
Made It To School Before The Bell.!
Okay well im not mad im
A Thousand Leaves! Oh my GOD!!!!
JASMINEVILLEGAS I'ma Big Fan Of You! You're Totally Amazing.. Love All Your Songs! Follow Me? Would Mean A Looot (; MuchLove Proud 95
Remeber the moment we said: i love you' for the first time...
See he still aint here ..
14 followers away from 300, PROUD :')
ugh, bad bad black friday.....
GM! .. ThankGOD for letting me see another day, he didnt have to do it but he did..
Light that s@#* pass that s@#* Euphoria........
missmuddie redhairedharpie it's ok I found some cheese & tomato
MeganPowers05 they've got crabbies!
Breaking down, amazing movie happy :D
Hoping for the best !!
Everyone dies, but not everyone lives
I love everyone in my life :)
meganwatts7 budget for party?? Suggested themes??
one of these days the trust & restraint will be all that remains but until then we're reckless rebellious & out of fuckin control.
Had a few too many beers, can't feel my face, sleep =
Juss went to the pizzeria w Joe_Gentile , best time of my life
I'm never gonna pass this test this semester ugh :/
I could really get used to this feeling! :)
HungerGames is making me misty!!! Sheesh. So good. So emotional.
yeahh finally I got my very own Beatles shirt! :D
Y do people jump to conclusions and u didn't even ask?!?
I got my damn oreo's
When you're angry at so many things that you forget the first thing that caused your anger.
twothingsthatnevermix me and ppl who think they're tight and can't act themselves
JAdoreLeRosa girl I know my crazy self did it again this morning
impossible to be friends wit guys SMh
Listening to michaelbuble and decorating the Christmas tree!
My brother is homeward bound!
Good day. Cleaning now
teamhoffman  finally found some gold!!!
Hot boxed da basement niggah!! RAGE!!!!
I've got my Christmas present from dad, a brand new CD player
For future upcoming bands, don't drown in your 15 minutes of fame. Keep in mind what your message is in your music.
Doctors appt. Less than 6 hours
A very chilly rainy NW day! Enjoying time w my handsome after a long day playing w makeup.
This cherry limeade is heaven to me at this moment
NINE DAYS UNTIL LONDON. NINE DAYS UNTIL LONDON.
....game today!(mmm) kinda scared NERVOUS :/
OfficialMrsVERS thanks:)) yeah the first week of school always sucks for me because the teachers cant say it AT ALL lol
Interview for a CNA job!
My aunt and uncle have hi-jacked GROUPLOVE cd...I am
I am thankful for the my wonderful family, I am truly blessed.
Tim tebow has a 38 inch vertical...damn he can probably wind mill!
My love for God over all else keeps me moving and His love for me keeps me alive
NikkiTheGleek beckyloujoyce what's up with you anyway
Yeah you say it all when u say nothing at All
Hanging out with E_Hosang today for our 3 month woo!
// I haven't -been- to church in years so I forget what youth groups do...
2 weeks and a few days and the on going celebration weekend starts GabriellaSuissa
Just remembered I didn't get to hear Get Down Lay Down..
when people wont leave you alone and keep ringing, when you dont wanna talk to them  :@
My daughter is having a sleepover with 5 friends for her birthday - 6 9year olds watching X Factor - I can't watch RM v Barca
Wish things would go my way for once..
the_dilemma1 hahah I know! And dudeee sandlot is the greatest movieee!
Half day tomorroww:) Going over Jon's<3
You MUST work on Your Personal Growth Every Day. ~ Lori Moreno
i hate when people tell me to calm down.
My father is making his first batch of eggnog for the year. He always goes heavy on the rum.
Getting my song for the Christmas church service!
I wish Kyrie stayed at Duke
Im thankful for everything i have and the people that love me ... And GOD
J.R. just left. Maybe Zach&Alex will stop being pests now.
For richer, for poorer.. You are the chosen one..From january to december you are the one who stood by me... TeeShapie
Gr8 start to the Xmas Week and few days till Holiday!!
i just accidentally tweeted what i meant to text briannaa...
I really wish I didn't care so much about certain things.
twisty33 is just not into Degrassi Jr High like I am. And this is the episode where Stephanie gets perved on by the creepy soap star.
Annnd I got a job all in tha same day...
Just finished my 10 page essay.  Last day of class tomorrow, then I start my much anticipated computer math classes.
Told his BIRTH momma he WISH I was his momma
So, something is happening.. Happening slowly, but it's happening.. & i'm glad.. this needs to happen :)
So its still packed out here
Congrats to JoshMcKinnon who is one tweet shy of número 1000
Mom says she won an Idina Menzel CD and other misc broadway CDs at an auction... she knows me so well.
F. A . M . I . L . Y. = Father And Mother I Love You.
As believers in Christ we must remember everyday that apart from the Holy Spirit we hate the One who saved us
Aww EstablishingMe is about to walk
Bench pressing with joel.
That can of ravioli's did absolutely NOTHING for me lol
Sheets nd pillows cold jus how i like it
Why can't kids just play by themselves? One is playing wii, but the other is being a pain in the ass.
I HATE SEEING DEAD DOGS/CATS ON THE ROAD!!! :(
Omg I Just Noticed That Finn Has NO Front Teeth
Found a local site with amazing work opportuinites and requirements that i fit..turns out they only offer these to internationals
WheniWasLittle I got a bead stuck in my nose.
Kaifoom hey, you been abducted?
Ahh chocolate we are reunited once again! Why did we ever drift apart?!
Nursing school will be the end of me.
Ran into my house and gave my mom the biggest hug.
I wouldn't be surprised if this deal went through. Such a joke there might as well be an NBA lockout.
Wlkn in a winter wonderland
Hope everything works in my favor nd im outta this town within the next fews months excited :)
I have a feeling this break is going to be WAAAY too short.
CheyanneJester one more thing... this car will not move up and its really tickn me off. Im bouta walk up to the window
Had a great day yesterday hoping for another!:) Good Morning!
as cute as some of the guys are out here...there ain't nothing like a brooklyn boy
Surprise guest.... I wonder who!!
jacobus_swagg S/O to Jason for not facetimeing me
job training today at victoria's secret
BuddyRoemer the pipeline buddy? Really? What about alternative energy?
I'm glad nobody decided to tell me I had a size dot on my shirt ALL DAY
Man, I couldn't be more FULL right now!
Woah! I'm so bored -_-
A whole bag of jelly babies and only one black one
Some people don't even know when they have messed up
now good hour to wish all the american friends happy thanksgiving !
Oh boy! I get to spend all of my day at Dave's...
can't wait till Christmas
When I make a nickname for someone and it has a story behind it, yet people try to call that person that nickname.
I hate playing words with friends when I have all these great words but no where to play them!
Watching football has turned into cleaning while watching football. Many thanks to the lady.
Just lost to my dad in beer pong
I'm thinking about heading out to the woods.  I have seen enough of this game.
KerrynMelville haha you started this.. And your hated more lol you gotta go to other schools just to be accepted to parties
whoisbyoung RaShanM_TPK haha did he make you go?
tayy_tayy1 I love how we can hate each other then be okay 5mins later haha :) I bet other bestfriends wish they were like us!
Keri Hilson - Breaking Point x
Then ! I get a stupidass bbm from this annoying guy . KMT.
Homeeeee and I wake up to find that it actually snowed there yayyy excited whaddupwinterbreak!!!
Don't tweet about sex!
Actually hate myself today for depriving my body of chocolate on a friday afternoon
Some of the things I still do
sexiestmanalive is definately justinbieber  love <3<3
Aw, those days when the dog is good and doesn't chew stuff and sits with you:')
I'm getting better at thus Words with friends thing! :D
Take a hint pleasee.
lusciouspatch1 I am  only couple more presents to buy too 
watching my best friend swimming the 200 free relay at european championships makes me
Why do you bother texting if you're gonna stop replying...
When two people are really in love with each other, they won’t ever let go even if it hurts a thousand times more.
anyone else missing family at christmas????? :(
My 10 day free trail is gonna be over before the damn game even finishes downloading.
Something or somebody is gonna blow the fuck outta me today. I can feel it!
People in this house driving me fucking crazyy ! Annoyed.!
What A good day !
Just got my order confirmation for my BlackBerry Playbook! Merry Christmas to me!
Ok, BunnytheKitty, come home now. This stopped being fun when I had to hop the neighbor's fence to look for you }:(
shitttt if i dont reply the first 2 times dont bother trying again !
I can hear this car alarm going mental, it does remind of some kind of dance music
Hearing the normal version of a song and thinking the Glee version is much better..
I'm tired of gettin treated bad by the ones I love smh
Mmmm. UDF peanut butter shake
Woke up to the thinest layer of snow ever >.>
lisa_masterson I love it but an having the worst luck right now!
My teenage daughter now has four friends who are pregnant. None of them planned. All are under 20. All single.
Gonna go see my mom about this..
How yu have a fake twitter page ....
Belly fuCKA, REMY in hand, Dolphins on TV
I hate to say this but I think its time to agree with the rest of the country and  take the Thanksgiving game from the
Tony keeps playing his stupid nigga music -_-
omg next year is the last time that the date/month/year will ever be the same in our lifetime
“IslamicThinking: You can give without loving, but you cannot love without giving. islam love”
Things that really annoy me.... when people try to act cool..
lynx19eighty5 Nice game Lynx!! Great job!
Can't wait for tonight. Saturday night live airing on TV.
I think my Boo and I are two steps from sayn we love eachother
Sittin on danika_inthcut 's porch smokin a square by myself because stayflybfly isn't here
“Be careful of love. It'll twist your brain around and leave you thinking up is down and right is wrong” - Rick Riordan
xXOVERRATEDXx aww if you can't sleep call me :) I'll talk to you til you fall asleep. I love you.
You can give without loving, but you cannot love without giving  
When people don't realize that Soony Moore (Skrillex) used to be the frontman for From first to last.
The shit people do to get attention in class!
AndreHollins have an idea how good SDSU Men's Baskeball is?... If I'm about to miss a good game I'll be
Hates following quote accounts because they retweet other quote accounts literally 6 times in a row.
Going over my dad's house for the first time in YEARS!
How come whenever i go out to eat with my dad everyone thinks we're a couple....
You should be with somebody that will be by your side no matter what....
Getting a text and being really excited only to realise it's from your phone network... yes this is my sad little life :L
I sat back down, but I'm sure more pacing is in my future.
Learning not to expect anything from anyone anymore..
So much to be thankful for today. Serving an awesome God, a husband who is my rock, & my beautiful daughter. My <3 is full!
My Teacher Just Said She Has No Common Sense
11 more days until my birthday !!! Excited :)
Un fucking believable.
0101xiahtic your American fans MISS JYJ TOO!!!  You tweeted in english!!!
I haven't heard from Jaybird in hoursss.
:( the more days that pass, the more I miss my boyfriend..
AustinMahone can't wait for Austream!!
ccblondeheart I have stupid work!!!! I'm gonna miss it!!!! :(
TerryTaughtMe_ dnt matter we beat them. y'all 5-8 can't even make the wild card
Rockhill gas is 3.01
You made my night great (: and it hasnt ended yet
Best phone call in the world? Your nonna telling you she made soup with the little pastina and meatballs love WB_italians
peopleimthankfulfor myself God my mama && family  && true and fake friends !!! grateful and
dbergerr I don't even wanna think bout it.
This year my family  is having TWO Christmas trees..one outside (naturally grown) and one inside to put gifts under..both REAL
Playing golf with Adz in the morning, then of to stamfordbridge for Chelsea V Liverpool.
Hate making plans that never work out. annoyed.
Word don't hurt me but when an apology is given and u say you forgive me u are suppose to move on not bring it up or the pass
One Of Those Heart To Hearts With TeE_LoUche !!!
i was already worried and stressed about this enough as it is...now it just keeps piling on.
this time next month it'll be christmas eve :D ahhh
EllenBarkin This WOULD happen in
Morning world.... Yippee it's Friday and I've got a working from home day
stop fighting with me omg
The feeling when you loose money:(
in his arms is where i wanna be...
no rehersals no homework happiness!
How is sophwinstar theses days? can't remember the last time I saw u  
You don't know how much you miss someone until you see them again..
Bedtime :) got a full day tomorrow
wish things cud be easier, that people wuld mind there business, and i could change wat i did, actually change wat i didnt
New years is gonna be popping
1 day to go and home sweet home na...
Headphones in my ear. Drizzy playing.
We always fall into this place where we don't want to back down
Missed the victoria secret fashion show):
Imm gonna miss this time with my family .. im soo far away from them .. Homesick :(
That awkward moment when your eat your candy bar, forget, and try to eat it again...
Mmhmm. I get high so I balance out the lows
when rryannunezz 's phone is off/dead
The simpsons are ending? :(
natalietrejo Yes and I see nothing!  No shit, no fancy cologne, all
Why is it that on my phone all my mails come through at once?
I hate when girls call themselves ugly jus so they can get a compliment back.. Oh your cute. Hell no I just agree with them.
why does everyone assume i'm not gonna go back to school? i'm not gonna work at moxie's for the rest of my life, get real..
Keisha Cole I remember is a damn classic hurt lol
Mission Impossible number five hundred and fifty three million two hundred and seven quarters starts 15 Dec
I hate females
JoHenderson32 I'll just go ahead and be your first tweet mention :)
hate when Netflix doesn't work
justinbieber UnderTheMistletoe is amazing. And I made 4 haterz listen to the album and the next day they told me theyre beliebers. proud.
soo i think ima really get this tatt , or this piercing
Dear Apple, you r so smart. Now, why not make earphones that don't tangle up EVERY time I put them away nicely rolled up!?
Milk shake, bread and mayonnaise
when people text me back late i dont even wanna talk
Watching these young kids disregard their work to flirt and play pisses me off. Fuck... I'm getting old.
We are ab to pray n EAT!!! EXCITED!!!!
and im not sorry cause all you did was feed me bullshit that made me move on to better things
poppy_vee ... listening to 'under the sea' ... wow what does this remind you of? HAHA
Gah when I'm talking you could at least pretend like you care. annoyed.
But nobody likes you -___-
i just wanted to let TellUwhatUlike_ that i am NOT hungry ! nor do i want anything to eat !lmao
Come rage with the machine bitch est the team bitch
vivahvi_  ai que saudade do Rio de Piracicaba!!
Staying up for the next 30 mins to tweet a hbd to TheRealPsanders even though I have to wake up in 5 hours!! Lol
thatawkwardmoment when. Your arguing, bickering with family members and  _xAlexxx is in the room ...
NYC tomorow with the best!
watching 50 First Dates :)
I miss you..
Gah, my father is psycho.
My God is an awesome God...
I hate changing diapers! It's depressing!
Perfect is out tomorrow.
Damn im tired oof this house damn
I seriously thought today was Wednesday tho......
no MrPeterAndre till 7th December:(((
Nov. 14- Remembering SS Teachers @ 1st Reformed Church in E'dale who taught me about Jesus: Dorothy, Ann, Marie, Keturah, Maxine
Psycho lookin bitches everywhere you look here at laroche
all i can do is worry about you.
Thank you God for blessing me with a brain that i can think about 5 things at once and understand it all (:
He's gonna be mine. <3
Matt 6:25-34 Thank you for Lord. Read it if UR anxious.
My first ever playoff matchup in fantasy football starts tonight!
No one texts fast enough for me
j_boff get on skype. Why aren't these transfers working ?? ??
about to go insane, can't stand it when people snore
Im going to try stuffing for the first time in my life
Bout to do a Thomas puzzle wit mikey.
My favorite bowl in the whole world was just dropped.... and it was all my fault.
Better than nothing I guess
Cleaner just called me 'wee man' bad move woman, bad move!
yes my dad's coming over for xmas
lies, secrets, & untold stories. they'll all come out when it's necessary..
experience of a life time tomorrow i want another ring to put on my finger
In bed with my hubby, I'm wide awake and he's fast asleep with his hand on my leg :')
It's a big ass Christmas tree with lights no Christmas decoration
And that's all I'm gonna say. :)   Thankful Gratitude PeaceandLove!
Got a lot on my mind. Too much actually.
I gotta feeling that tonights gonna be a good night, that tonights gonna be a good night, that tonights gonna be a good good night.
Partner project would be much easier if partner would show up to library. Only been waiting an hour!
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
Can't find my contacts now I have to wear my glasses for a while. 
thank you for smoking in the elevator
iloveyutunechi Welll uhhh that's exactly what I wanted :) but same here so ready to see you today
Tonites the nite....for....the famous....the original....SNUGGIE N' HEATED BLANKET COMBO
this bitch is annoying the shit out of me with her train track mouth and smelly breath and wannabe attitude
can never seem to find a pic with small enough memory so i can display it sick of people thinking i am an egg!
I don't think ima let my sons play sports cause of all the low life Lil boy loving coaches!!!! The world we live in...
Love how right when I'm thinking about how much I'm sick of school, the bva radio commercial comes on...
I hope I didn't do something wrong!! worried!!
God has seriously blessed me!
installin them headlights = headache!!!!!!!
SIGNED MY FIRST LEASE! :)
Nobody likes a kill joy, lighten up people! Be young, be foolish, but be happy Love X
jessicajones___ at least you can watch what you want I have two men watching football - I have to go upstairs to watch
nikekid_22 that's why you need to be around me
Feeling like a complete noob on here LOL xD
today has not been my day.. ANNOYED.
Feels like my hairs already growing back
Idk wat 2 eat!!!
Don't talk about it, be about it
emilycuhlaire greatest music of all time
Wish coldplay would come to Belfast.
love when my dad repeats himselfff like twenty times
Done World Issues onto Hamlet
Ipod connection in my car (:
kemahstry101 GIVE ME BACK MY SISTER!!!
Xmas Break in 2 days
How many version does that song santa is coming to town has -_-
My dad helps me alot . thankful :)
myy attitude is not bout the riqht
ME BABY xxClauw IS JARIG!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
pisseddddd that Sophie won survivor. wtf.
Hmmmm..... lock on bedroom door to prevent my little brother from annoying me when I'm trying to do school work..I think so!
You've had all week to take your test and your just now taking it! Smh
lets the journey begin!! excited :D
Damn espn talks about tim tebow way to much GET OFF HIS NUTS!
Man I swear yall are soooo selfish !!! These people just killed my enjoyment on YouTube . Sorry for the random rampage .
At the house chillin need to b up under him, missin him happy :-):-):-)<3<3<3
Just busted ass on the stairs at school....
I'm locked outside but inside the house!! Suck in between security gate connecting to the main house
News flash people we live in parke county and there's no gangs
had a dream last night that I was back in France....
bappeul haha yup!! It's kinda like mental disorders and suicide and depression... depressing haha
OccupyBayStreet hrmmmm I noticed a LOT more people sleeping on Victoria st grates last night when walking home.
Nothing like 2:46 p.m.
The kids in this class are so good at distracting the teacher !
...X factor, I'm a celeb and a night in with Stephanie!
Really wish these chest pains would stop
I kinda feel like if the ball hits a guy's hands, then he should catch it. Like...that's your job.
When my parents go grocery shopping they now carry a map of japan to avoid all produce from tohoku
I leave my NEW tin of roses in the livin room for less then a day and now i have only the county fudges left
When he sing,he is very happy :) And when I listen him,I'm died ! LOVE <3 justinbieber TheKidrauhl143
I hope my hair turns out right!
It dnt feel gud to have sum1 want u n u know u dnt want dem bck at 1st it was all fun & games but now its
w00t! After tonight's commute, I officially tied my monthly mileage record with June. Will December be as good (or better)?
I set a qood hiqh standard for a younq female who knows what she wants in life ,
Laurajanekemp I reckon I might be the only Englishman who knows all the words to that - and I can spell Llanfair PG in full!
Best thing ever? Kmart crushes. (: happy!
Blamz10 pizza man better hurry up and get here or he's gonna get it. Have you seen hoz?
I hate when I check the time and it says 9:11.
Actually upset we have our last practice today
Looking through photos from when I was younger makes me
Repping my WILD THING Cleveland Indians jersey tonight for machinegunkelly getting ready to LTFU and
the point of headphones is so no one else could hear what you're listening to.. some people never got the memo
Is bored of this stupid insanity xD think imma sleep for my busy day tmrw(: gott a LOT to do c:
Um, your slowly fading away
being apart of this freshman class<
Huntington North High School, hopefully:)
Soccer try-outs were today
Thank you lord it's finally Friday! Ugh today better go by fast.
Last day of work then I'm off for three whole days! Which is impressive cause one of those days is black friday!
JasonLaCanfora if jay and forte didnt  get hurt green bay would have possible 2 loses, we would be having no issuewith playoff
Jones_15 yep I'm the main 1..as soon as I hear it I start shackin my ass (too much for em)..it does somethin to me
CHER_LLOYDDDDDD liv_cherbrat Hii girls, sure I remember you from CalderdalePride, we ROCKED! josef_divafever did too!!
And really I think I like who im becoming...sometimes I do it just to do it
I hate when people on instagram ask you to follow them or look at their pictures.. LeaveMeAlone !
caaitlinwalsh ok... And thanks for the follow
Going to my first sharks game with my bestfriend:)
Headed to the mall looking fly lol I really can't wait to be in Panama city its gonna be awesome
Me and my last minute party planning. Tree Trimming will be on and popping 2morrow!!
All my dad does is complain...
Watchin goodluckchuck in bed
He makes me smile
I really don't wanna make connections to Tears of a Tiger...way to
My boys invite my wife to their NBA fantasy league and not me.
Calls me every morning to see if I'm coming...while I'm about to turn on his road every morning
Well, that led nowhere :(
i would really like to get stuff done before 1 in the morning... oh wait.
im bored in class but i come out early today so so far the day i going good
awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww is all i can say 11-30-11
Tryna to refrain from drinking tonight so I can write this paper so plzzzz stop txtn me asking what's going on tonite
I_HoopNonStop Oh ok! Maybe next time. You made an effort tho! Proud lol
Days like today make me realize who really cares for me, family dinner to celebrate the wonderful woman that was my Grandma <3
We live in the 21st century and still countries pass down power without the involvement of a democratic vote.
mmustang007 and they decide to kick the ball out of bounds
Camellia sinensis herbal tea..mmmmmm
R. Kelly duet w/ Usher - Same Girl
Writing Christmas Cards to those that help me get here.
A skinny nigga try to talk to me a I get that lil bit of vomit in that back of my throat
wait. if the lights go out - i have NO idea where my candles are. omg. um. wait. wtf.
Just realized i get to open my advent calender tomorrow and i cant even eat the chocs!
Why do people take the time to make up stupid things to broadcast so that people will broadcast them on. wasteoftime and
i wonder what life would be like if my sister wasnt a raging bitch
Hate being asked so many questions
_BoyInDetention love how dedicated a CB fan you are chrisbrown needs to know :D
EvanStacey Jagen23 nikorvis well done on finishing your last exams.
I rather not get a text from you then to wake up to that. I'm not texting you back today.
My last day of work before the holiday break. excited.
The dentist makes me
haowa milktart ya ko Shoprite...should be called Condensed Milk Tart...sies...
love dont cause a thing
Don't follow me, then unfollow when me when I follow you back!
gabbystratton9 i havent talked to you in 50 years :(
ew i was fucking annoying last night....how many times did i wanna tweet that i was drunk..
this genetics is so damn confusing! ugh
EKodet the whole shirt didn't even come off
Ordering own Christmas presents on Amazon
i could listen to Adele all dayyyy.
I'm catching up on the season on demand Wale
Damn I hope I ain't failing
I think I'm startn to get sick ugh
Finallyyyyyyyyyy Cracked Assassin's Creed Revelations arak lfraja
Missed my family today, But deff had a good time w/ my AZ fam bam  
emzyharpz :) good good, we should get all glammed up, i have a new dress that i have just managed to get into, might wear that
people need to text me back.
still at work T_________T
Just cleaned the whole house with ant and blondiiie00. Let's just say mom better appreciate
getting wasted on christmas eve eve
I love my boyfriend.  
this is true willpower not eating a mcdonalds whilst everyone else around me is eating one
Nevermind. I'm a very fortunate person, I have nothing to complain about. I have a good life.
Running clock in state championship
Girls night Friday excited meganstarner
horse riding lesson at 3:30 :)
Hold tight Don Fiddy each and every
eldaambuso yes but am just alone in the office nothing much
yo fuckin galaxy s II epic 4G touch tomarrow.
I so fucking hungry I swear my stomach is talking..
Why do guys go for sluts? Their obviously trashy and nasty....
Just arrived home from Starbucks and McDo.
..gotta find a good surprise to get him...
Well my dad bought me a rip it bat supposed to be the best bbcor bat
omg . i want a twitter friend . lol i have no one to talk to O__o
Can't wait to be home!!! Family and friends...
Can't wait to get up and get prettied up!
And we still not there yet
cute little old man crying at zios because he crashed into the building
Whelp my roommates gone, and I dont have a cuddlebuddy  im
Just Got Up ,Thanking The Man Above For Waking Me And My Family Up :) :) .......<3 <3 : )
Being the 3rd wheel around a cute couple <<<
Last night I dreamed Ms. Christine and her homework DEPRESSED !
Woah how to catch a predator with Chris hansen is on sportcenter now!! More molestation charges
On the bright side three more days until I'm going to be in warm weather and finally get to see my boy;)
Mehh. i actually walked to shell at night PANTS-LESS. embarrassed.
rigovegas thank u sir. Same to you
lol thatawkwardmoment when none of you truely understand
Alls right with the world again :)
I want my abssssssssssss back nowwwwwwwww
Y si a la suerte desafias pierdes tú(88*
MinneAnnePolis all paper should be sticker paper!
Ok! Time to make my Caramel Apple Salad for my fams Christmas Party tonight!!!
seeing david today :) i could not be more
I haven't gone shopping in like more than a month :o.
Im afraid to loose you and you're not even mine.
sleeping at my mama's tonight. happy (:
My nephew at my crib lol
Mybed is my bestfriend for the rest of the night Love <3
About to start exam number 2. Feelin
Bouta go over my aunts w all my family for some big breakfast thang.
they aren't worth it....
london2012 that's so exciting!! not long now until all the 2012 Olympic and Cultural Olympic fun & games begin
well this is cool, Im at have and have no lunch and the last time I ate was at 7:30 and I don't get off until 5:30....
adamzander claret2808 I sure will!!! smitters1981 is going too
Some goals make me v happy and then there are goals that Swiss teams score against man u
I know all the words o Dance (A$$) without even thinking about it.
The perks of being a TreysAngels !! I absolutely love it! & my fav treysongz is continuously raising the bar day in & day out!
Rocking out to an audition tmw.... Thank you
Movies, game night with friends, Christmas Eve party, cooking & more will be the life of my week..
I pulled my dick out twice in front of my brother and he looked both times
Tonight was a good night
Pepitone5 I love you pepi! <3 (:
teodranik fo shiz. Hell yes it is best. Haha. Runs in my family too.
MADDYtkachuk_ probably had a shower.. I know I would
I found a best software for do gifs ! :)
DarrenSproat R_beccaBlair agreed  however   since the renos, it seems a lot better, incl the service!
Oh wait. I have to go home!! I have to make wicked oreos pa and make my 3 idiots lab rep :O
dickclerkin8 hi Dick, just wondering if you sent the book yet
About to do a BIG  presentation! Wish me luck!
warm weather and the pool
Just like last year, these Midwest teams have a LOT of fan support for volleyball. Easily 1500-plus on hand for Iowa State Cyclones.
tiffaniematos the penne from alberta sucks !!!
So many foreigners getting free eye tests and don't even speak English!!!
Will Be on a morning show at some Point this month but not sure which one
I have a mom for that. Thanks anyway. annoyed.
Please just get out of my room.. I stay in here to get away from you.
Yea that's my alarm going off at kroger
I haaaate wet socks!
I love when I hear your laugh
I wasn't expecting the feeling of community/camaraderie that I've found with Instagram folks. Its been pretty awesome.
Thanking god for what he has blessed me with
Just got the lease paperwork for our first location out on our own. Our little baby business is almost all growns up!
It needs to stop raining.
About to start taking these boxing classes..
Sooo.. I know it's the day of giving thanks and everything, but I'm about to flip the FUCK out!
I hate seeing all this Christmas stuff on TV and not having any snow outside! :(
So I have a little brother that's 6 and tomorrow will be my first time meeting him
Love a cuppa tea in the morning!
I really like talking to you, it's just so natural.
Oh boy it just doesn't feel right anymore. I keep feeling like I want to cry which then makes me what to scream with anger. Gah!
detpangan thank you, too!
Got a make-over and photoshops for my secret Santa at work!
Is it just me-or do all women want to have some incredible sex after having a day at the salon? Getting their hair did?!?!
cajohnson2 which reminds me ... i soooooooooooooo need to update that portfolio.
Red lips and pants in honour of KateZions. You're here in spirit!
listening to my dad tell me how i played yesterday , & he said i did good :).
genna_niemiec52 Haha yesss! You have to text me and let me know how it goes. :)
Típico: les roban la victoria en algún deporte y se indignan. Saquean al pueblo y atropellan sus derechos, y se quedan calladotes...
1 day til I'm 16, 2 days til I can drive
Never been ice skating
Who stays up all night studying to only get 2 more points?! Like really?
my boys; Aaron, Carlos, and Mousey<3(: proud!
No homework due for tomorrow and for that I'm also
nu weg paardrijden Xx Bye
Treat everyday like its your last.Live life to the fullest.
First day I haven't played cod in a week.
I hate when the cafeteria smells like nasty food and soap
Becky_Schofield ow i miss u too! We will be reunited on monday tho wont we! Lol Ah i havent even looked at finance :( depressing xx
KathSmith11 jolly good hope he's ok for Milton Jones excited!!
My Son reminding me its time to say his prayers melts my heart every time.
You only live Once, Go Hard! Everyday is an Opportunity, don't let it pass you. Blessed to be Breathing
pogletbabe russelloconnor1 i can only remember 8
KevinFisher17 the new season is going to have a new spartacus, the original died
literally feeling like i only have one friend at the moment, and thats my Nytol pills..
Looking into your bank account and seeing the amount of money you have left
MomentsICanNeverForget 8th Grade Field Trip.
Raheem come home tomorrow for his home pass :)
sooooooooo! i missed the free throw embarrassed!
Because you care so much. Kvgztrcgjlcj.g. annoyed.
my family had a sad thanksgiving last year, we're going to celebrate this one with laughs & memories.
Why don't they sell Takis in Panama City?
noticed the amount of black nail polish being worn increased during finals week .. what does this mean exactly?
I've been slacking off on my tweets. What's going on??
Beating Dad 8-1 in the 89th minute... So he turns the x box off. frustration soreloser.
too excited for this weekend!! BEST FRIEND is comin down and we goin HAM!! Too excited oh and excuse me for my behavior in advance
Oh my lord
People who don't write real tweets and just retweet other peoples
Contemp. was AMAZING today <3 Ive never danced everything out so much in my life!
Dude from our class stood up in the middle of the musical and yelled ffuucckk! 0_0
Belly full of sushi, starbucks latte in hand, backseat on the way to Gainesville. ^.^
When yu use the bathroom close the door .... Nobody wanta hear yu pee
today went by fast as helll!  Happy :)
Thanks chriskenny233 for getting my hopes up!!):  DestineyRudolph this will be the death of me
Praying to god that I made all south jersey for year 3!
all I see are dead deer on cars
I feel compelled to say that this is the first mobile phone I've had that can successfully pick up KissFMUK in cardiff!
SaraGuerriero meow. Atta girl tho!
Talking about death with my father
HOY ES EL DÍA INTERNACIONAL DE LAS PERSONAS CON DISCAPACIDAD... seamos capaces de ser iguales  
Appears everyone but me is going to be in Sankeys tomorrow night
Painting my nails and watching corrie...... Should probably be trying to sleep instead considering I'm up at 4?!?!
Nearly time to open the  first door of my advent calender Excited !
One side of my nose is completely blocked :/
God gave me a gift today which was a new day
Perfect time for a napppppp
He think im playing and he getting on y nerves
justinbieber is the best kid ever, well anyways , you've come a long way since 09' . but the best is that your
Just to let you all know, NatWest is a terrible bank! Under no circumstances should you goto them!
I love how today my brother pointed out that when my boyfriend gets on the bus, he's serious, but as soon as he sees me he smiles. love <3
recap day: parent/teacher conference, great! audition went well, fingers crossed. job interview rescheduled. Long but blessed day!
if i text you first, text me back mothafucka..annoyed.
looking for your saving grace
HolyJugss  im sexy and i know it love LMFAO
Ahh I love my life, I love him more for giving it to me
My 10 month old nephew only has only one kidney and is now possibly goin to loss dis one
I don't like to think about old people looking for their teeth.....or taking them out or even cleaning them
Feel so much better:-) happy!
Il est 12:20 et j'ai terminé les cours ! happy !
Kelly coming back tomorrow, Muppets and Thanksgiving on Thursday; could the be a better week? Nope.
Decent! Email of confirmation to say that my Mrs Browns Boys tickets have been dispatched!
No tengo ningum dm :(
i'm so in love with my boy love <3
Dad coming back tomorrow morning!
ericsaademusic Good  morning =D (6:58)
I'm sexy and I know it plays way to much on the radio.
Today started out great and just got worse as time passed...
So Meryam faris is trying so hard to look like lady gaga in her new video clip
sickass celebrity shot i made ^.^
xtinarojas21 it's a party it's a party it's a part-aaaayyyyyeeeeeeeeee!
Good Friends are so Hard To Find .... & so are Good People
I'm almost 17, my family owns a driving school, and I STILL don't have my license..
Raven2xs Im wide awake so I got out my bed went pass my big door made it to the hallway 2 your room and realized you aint even here
worst part about winter is no watermelon
This year, I am thankful for another year staying free of toxins, music, the great people in my life, and art.
Yo word up....man S/O to everybody getting at me this Morning...I probably needed yall more than yall know..
He still going....he spent atleast 40 on scratch offs, still ain't win
3 kids today to deal with.
Sittin here sippin choppin it up wit my bro uncle n cuzzos....
5 days til christmas break about 9 days til charismas and 12 days til I get my cast off
Last week of school
Love how on my day off I'm watching homes under the hammer tucked up in bed with a hot waterbottle
I feel even stupider after attending today's study group.
I now have to get the little babies their items for Dec 12th,I love shopping for babies!!!
oh well wasnt wat i thought it wud b... major league waste of my time... disappointed.....
Stop with th whole WelcomeToDelaware shit , we all get it Delaware fucking sucks no need to tell us what we already know
Was in a good mood tell you texted me
My son just told one of the Mothers of the church that her breath stinks!! embarrassed!
iLove_MyKicks Na F that....you over there being all sweet and googly eyed
MittRomney:flip flopping his political stances from year 2 year. His god doesn't exist. At least he's an attractive fellow
Breath and count to ten....breath and count to ten.....
... Eurgh, so today is D-Day...
Tired of studs with fucking ..weave
Cant sleep at all :( keep coughing but im sooooo tired ! frustrated :(
6 days till the fat man comes :)
about to punch something..
bummer. my new glasses were suppose to come in today.
Bowling tonight with Xoxo_Jodii and Robby!
What can I do for you? So you can be SOO, happy!?
Don't you dare be playing with my feelings like that!!
Spent another two hours in the ETTE lab, had dinner with kkimmyzanss and JME_92 and off to Turkey bowl in a bit. Oh yeah, no class.
Olivia Hastings unfollowed me! thought we was coool!
Can't wait for Christmas!
Feeling like giving out some love today...let's start with my fam!
My grandma is the best!
Sweetdreams.. Morgen weer een dag <3.
If one day you find a box of cookies on your doorstep, just remember it was me.
Want me some
If i could tell you one thing, it would be that i love hearing your voice and that your smile always seems to brighten my day..
Listening to Florence & Machine Shake it up
Bubble Baths & Back Rubs.
“PaigeRopers: Feels so good to finally get out of Lincoln muchneeded homesick” :) !!!!!
Mother I am not in the mood for your stupid attitude!
excited that tomorrow and friday will be a day spent having fun with my friends and boy
my dad lied about  beast running away..
About to learn how to cook dad's signature dish.
Normals putenis, bet jēga nekāda, jo slapš
well I thought I had my night all planned out but I guess I was wrong!
DavidResendes just be patient and hope for the best
I don't understand where people come up with these rumors
Doctors should really try to be on time
I'm completely over unappreciative selfish people... Especially when they are hypocrites.
I swear I have some of the Best Family Members!!
We left work on time on a Sunday
mstalzer16 hey chicka i don't think im going to be able to make it to the church thinging :( moms sick, can't find my phone.
Let's see if I remember my locker combination tomorrow. Forgot it last time we had a long break..
Dco818 Why aren't you following me? hurt :'(
ThatAwkwardMoment when u walk into a room filled w people then everyone stares at you
Brandy: brittany look! Brittany! Me: shut the fuck up..you ain't saying nun important
Straightened my hair to walk outside and it's raining.
The fact that I have to be at work in a half hour.
Seems like a lot of people are having date nights tonight. I have a night planned with my sewing machine
Why do I always have to be the one that screws up?
Whats the point of commercials?
In serious need of a cuddle buddy!
have fun with that..
why have I been sleeping so terribly lately?
Learned Justin bieber on guitar for my cousin drinking at noon 20 mins to take a fam pic must be a holiday
Went to the mall today and only got gifts for other's!!!!!!! Yesssssss.
“_MikeLary: so i left my charger at mitch crib now i can't use my phone..smh” <<
I'm really irritated by the whole damn world right now .. like the littlest thing could send me over the edge right now...
I'm just like YOU ..I'm Tryna be HAPPY!
I wish it was summer again. Except with this weather. Oh, and I would also rather enjoy being in South Carolina.
Pujols jerseys on sale for $6.97? depressing!
WestfieldDerby it's not too crowded in all honesty. Plus, all gifts have been purchased.
I brought up all my grades this six weeks :)
Every morning phatma wake up & say move donovan
LATER Seeing My Dudes IAmTravisPorter Excited!
Good god adverts between each round are so
ain't nothing like having someone who appreciates you and shows you how much they truly care :) thankful <3
get to see my boo tomorrow. (: excited makeseverythingbetter <3
Can't sleep again for 3rd straight night!
My tonsils are really red!
man, just looked at who was following me.. ew, don't like you! disappointed.
9hour road trip= 9 hours of mymorningjacket jams.
when toilet paper rolls have the stupid stoppers on them so you can only get like 4 squares at a time..
3 puppies and a little girl still in Jammie's watching noggin, snuggling with mom drinking coffee. :D
carrie_spoton plan what? And I know! Don't let me screw up like that again. I regret not taking what was mine to begin with!
wish somebody wuld txt me..
Grandma's here!!
Less than 2 weeks till christmas n my tree still isn't up :(
So glad my cousin is home from Afghanistan and my other one survived his car crash. Love spending time with them
some people need to be punched, in the face  . annoyed .
i love all of you that show me
kpatty7 ohhhh B. Recording people put cheese in a jar hahahha.
what a productive day! + had an awesome lunch with T.
CartwrightJenna paperchase!! I want a pink nose!! I'm gunner be a full on pink reindeer
Kidnappad på väg till Rock at Sea-båten. Har bästa vännerna.
STOP SINGING!!!! you're giving me a headache
Looking forward to our Christmas party next week after seeing the one in work this eve!
Puffy dogs for tea cooking for one gets boring
not be long now. TALKTHATTALK after waiting so long I can not believe rihanna love RiRi <>677<>
britneyspears how can you come to Dubai Nd perform for only hubaabaabaas?? disappointed :/
The Librarians at MTA need to get laid or something they're annoying.
COMPL3XQ I thank God I have you... Destiny's Child
my dad is so fucking annoying when we're watching a movie. so many questions ! ANNOYED  -_________-
Sorry McDonalds but you've ruined a classic song with your advert
thatmomentwhen ur lil cuzz is ventn to u cuz shes hurtn...I LOVE that ppl know they can tlk to Me bout anything
I hate the noises people feel like they need to make over and over again to a baby.
goin on a date tonight with some guy ;D <3
might start looking for christmas presents now..
Yaay the golden stain that was on my jumper vanished... Ily mummy
just got tested for mono
“YasminAddison: can't sleep vom” mess! You didn't say you were home this weekend!
This is like my favorite kinda of weather. It's foggy and warm but still cool
Nick didn't want to come to asda to buy cigars
Good, Fabianski is injured so we might have a chance now.
Got off early enough to be late to church!
This comfy ass bed, 542956 pillows, heating pad and lilac lace bra are some of the greatest things to happen to my life ever. zZzzzz
Dear Harry_Styles, I'm broken, do you hear me? No, you don't. Oh okay.
its almost christmas and theres still no snow
Bethany_henry ACTUALLY I wrote on your wall Saturday, I do believe. It would have been nice to get a reply, but noo.... Hurt!
The snow here feels like powdered sugar when you pick it up
Trying to fishtail braid my hair >:(
Hai these old men are talking about the boobs of a 12year old girl! So not on!!
i just wish brandonemmons would come study with me :(
this should be one hell of a week
Thrilled: JoyceDiDonato, soloist for Midnight Mass at St Patrick's Cathedral where I sing in the choir. Broadcast live on WPIX.
I hate that my arms and legs grow hair, fucking
Watching afv any one want to join?
I'll be doing sum big things this upcoming year!!
Each day gets better
Ai this lady should really now be taught how to chew this gum
I jus saw this chick with a period stain on her jeans in between her legs, somewhat under her ass...it coulda been a shit stain
I wouldn't call that photography. That's you taking randy objects, putting them on your bedroom floor, and taking pictures of it.
getting so tired of girls who wanna act hard. but the second someone intimidating comes up, the quiver with fear. bitch stfu!
doulahattie yes, I will now, but I'm still worried about yesterday.
Wants to do to Ashton what Spain are going to do to England embarrassment Lewis_de_Courcy pique&puyol
Just need 5 points from Vincent Jackson
Thanx to HighImLo sis whipped up that bad ass breakfast .:-)  for my bday
Omg I can't even concentrate on this Biology! -___-
shopped with mum. got myself two new top and a hat. 8)
One more period,  then I find out!  nervous.
I am now the owner of a new old car.
My 700th tweet goes to to Connor_Holmes12 and EthanHighlander for sharing a wonderful video to me
Eating nathan's favorite meal. At nathan's mom's house.... But no nathan. sad!
Jus read some shyt that has me laughing my ass off literally... One word
I hate men. Seriously. All of them. -__-
Yeah!!! My flexi rods 4 my hair r fnally here!
Funny How Guys Let a Great Girl Pass By Just Like That.
Ils vont refaire un Total Recall
Stuck in line at WalMart. Why do they have so many aisles but open so few?
1 month to christmas eve!
Tell me watchu no bouht my
justinbieber Loveeyoux. Dreams about you ';3 Listening Mistletoe.. You'are amazing love- ';3 36
New bottle of probiotics just came in
NiallOfficial You mentions are blowing up so you will NEVER EVER see my tweet. disappointed :/ x
You are the one that i dream about all da-a-a-ay, You da one that i think about alwa-a-a-ays.....
Ooooookay bedtime. This is actually the latest I've gone to bed in a while.
SATC and a cup of tea on a Saturday morning.
Argh. no time to iron my bedsheets. annoyed.
JoakimHager fan va fint! love potatishaxan mariahager
Both of my teams are in the lead tonight. let's keep it up!
mama and daddy and here!
SiBoNdaY______M lol if the girls find out Lmao even more agony (:
You can’t expect to find the right someone until you know who you are, what matters to you, and what makes your heart
Fuck man ! I can't wait any more !!!
AWESOMEKOOLGUY i am totaly sorry for everything that happend or may happen to you even though u brought it on yourself.. love..
Wish I could cuddle n watch sum movies or sum im bored AF... Aint nun like fallin aslp by the 1 u love!!
Of course you can schedule an awards ceremony in the auditorium on the musicals day off and magically have the pit and useful lighting
finnah get a tattoos  with my brother reese hope it doesnt hurt that bad ..
through the pain we had to stick together they said the pain would last long but family last forever
2 days to go...
been rocking to Christmas music all weekend.
I can't believe I'm not going to see twilight tonight
Wine night with my mommy!
Aastha_m FanOfTeamIndia Yuvi_is_myworld Abhiuv7 wat d hell is dis?? ab ye wife... n luk wat crap she is talking....
Starbucks redcup and Cake Wrecks the book bliss L_i_Am22
90 day diet starts today ... We will see how this goes
Such a good day happy:)
And They better not tell me tomorrow they out of stock cuz their site says 108 in stock.. so
New twitter coming up soon
fixing to get to make someone's day!
Uggghhh I'm getting annoyed -.-
My bed is missing something.
i texted you back  within  2 minutes and now its taking you forever to answer?
nickteeter22 MrRaugh bout time we take a trip to the promise land
CAN I JUST BE HOME ALREADY HOLY SHIT IVE BEEN IN THE CAR FOR SO LONG
Vision is the art of seeing what is invisible to others.~Jonathan Swift
The way some people eat...
Hello new York :) oh how I've missed you.
I think everybody is having fun these Holidays except mee !  
when I'm with you, everything changes
-learned how to use twitter the right way thanks to my twin/sister torreboo !!
My boo makes my day! :D Happy!
wow! some people downloaded my song!
it sucks how stuff that happened in the past still messes with my head some times
... some ppl will say ANYTHING on twitter JUST to get some attention...
so..lmfao, de tooo...y out of nowhere..bieber,
And I hate the 140 character limit. Fuck you twitter.
ready to see how crazy LMFAO gon act!!
Hate to c him go, bt i love to watch him leave!
I have a feeling I won't have a Christmas tree in my house this year... again
tyoke5 I'm sorry I don't live up to your expectations...
When your sick and not at home you get even more
just the thought of you makes me want to punch you.
neil_t_75 what a cracker weekend depressed!
ahora con LissetteGissell MichelitaG19 chantalgisel
I work a lunch today :))
THERE Is a BEAUTIFUL man rapping on 106&Park FreeStyle Friday right now . He's Perfection . I'm in love<3 .
New season of MOBWIVES starts New Years Day!!! Excited!!!!
When they censor a song and then it sounds stupid
i'm glad to see one more
ThatMonateMoment when we are with him the whole day... And we start smelling like him!
ThatAwkwardMoment when you try to talk to a girl and you find out she gay
I realise i just met you & all but seriously you don't have to give me a huge hug everytime we see eachother
Just finished watching TheHelp very touching movie honestly I cried on the inside!!!!!!
jimismith46 your life isn't ruined anymore ..
So excited...can't wait to start my kickboxing classes....I'm  about to pull a floydmaywheather lol.
My hair always looks good before I have to go to bed or when I have to put it up.
I still haven't seen The Hangover 2!
Literally just looked in the mirror at my body and started crying/balling my eyes out. anxiety.
MrPeterAndre  noticed you didn't mention Wales whilst satin where you wanted to open all your coffee shops
Won my indoor game!!!!!!
Inna_Sergeychik hurry up and get here!
Why hasn't my mom calles yet? worried :S
At culver's with KohlsToTheDorf.
justinbieber well done on your performance tonight you did amazing like always and congrats on getting 1 on the Billboard top 200 proud 9
feels good to feel good again 8)
If you were my best friend you would be making an effort to see me while I'm in town not ignoring me.
Ten days till the Victoria secret fashion shooow! kanyewest !
Hell Iam 17, I'm free, my teeth are clean, the sun shines; The hell with everything else.
Wish I could cuddle with someone right now...
If one more person tells me wat the fuck to do ima go off!
I hate the feeling you get during a test when you think you're doing good, then you see the grade and you didn't do so hot.
Just went to do a number 2 & left my phone in the bedroom. I have never ever been so bored in my entire life. sad :(
nicoletteexo It'll always be my pleasure. Always here. Love you too.
I had a GREAT Thanksgiving :)
Follow my friend jackson_johanne it's a great person
When you completely trip and fall going upstairs....
It has taken my philosophy professor all semester to NOT grade any papers
glamCNM I love teen mom 2 my fav you better be watching tonight !
The feeling when dr.pepper is out at a place
Just had lunch with sophia and now I'm all filled with happiness....
So much for eating healthy, burger king for dinner
What do you do when you have to rewrite a play but you seriously hate it and want to just abandon it?
man im trynna rest and phone keep blowning up
Life can be sad suddenly if you hear a good friend's husband is going to die soon
Ran across some hella funny & dope twitter names. Bt most of em..wen I clicked on that avi, smh, I click righh back off.
I hate oomfs so much.
Annoyed that for the 3rd year JCPenney is supporting an openly anti-gay charity
Nevermind. I hate the new twitter >:(
Actually ready for all my exams EXCEPT Calculus
I wish I had a little baby girl and a toddler boy to dress in crew cuts everyday
The only one who's got enough of me to break my heart.... And he's all that I need to fall into
This music in local culture makes me want to slow dance
Life couldn't get any better right now<333333333333
From One Time to Mistletoe. from Canada to the World. from Avon Theater to Madison Square Garden.and justinbieber is
My followers are dropping like flies
two hours of nothing but homework, and then a ten minute break. :)
Ps139 is precious to me. Read & meditate often.It declares God is actively involved in our lives everyday. He really loves us!
11 more days till my birthday. Quite stoaked!
Dear UPS, your tracking # said my package would be delivered today. Sniffs, it wasn't.
Great game from Thiago so far man!!!
Pancakes are the best breakfast
If the door is shut when you entered shut that bitch when you leave
2 days of no work happy #:)
JASMINEVILLEGAS. How's it feel knowing you kissed JB!:o and how did u manage getting in his videos?
Catching a tan... Leave a message! Happiness :p
Had a slow but awesome thanksgiving w/ rissa_baker95
nw double wedding! Tia+Tamera
Eergh So annoying when people just constantly go on about how much they don't like a person. Like just SHUT UP!
So it starts now. The grind to do 8 sections of math homework for my test tomorrow. Errr I'll do the quiz while I sit a panera
Finally home from work, abso shattered. Wee bowl of coco pops and sleep! Last shift tomoz then off for 10days :)
i actually can't wait for christmas.
Thank u to all my friends for their thoughts and prayers for my family we rlly need it right now truly lost an amazing person last night
My brother is a true belieber  
Faster than all the other times.
this fall break should be interesting
Omg get me out of this house
Wow wasn't even an accident. Seven miles of stop and go cuz two cops were checking on a fender bender
Can't hear the tv cuz of my stupid medicine
My damn freezer keeps making ice and dropping it In the box thing  Annoying !
Thinking back on high school .. Hands down sophomore year was legit, would go back in a heartbeat
LadiesWeWantAnswers why do y'all think all the guys are the same!?
Why can't I paint my nails without fucking at least 2 of them up?
Would love my laptop to deal with more than 1 tab right now. (No, this is not in reference to Brazzers either).
Spending time with my bestie Najmah, the kiddies, & _ClassAct
Blue opens mad late this year.
LilMissLydia not a true browns fan
Lots of egg on face of MLB Network. Pujols signs with Angels, Rule 5 Draft going on, and they have a taped Intention Talk on.
S/o to everybody who supports what I'm doing... Real recognize real...
If they keep showing these Chandler Bownds commercials I'm never going to get any homework done!
Highto14 can't imagine him doing much else once his RL days are over either!
So ready to see my baby--it's been two long months without seeing my man happy :)
Enjoying a Father/Son time with my 2 Boys (Jay II & Wondy) .
Success with the D major!
I love how Cody is the only one who texts me back.
less than 4hours to go,,,,ill be picking up my Nike SB Bruin,,,^^
Why is the channel that ModernFamily is on frozen!?
Nandos yayer with the pals
Off to Oman to celebrate a good friends wedding   so
Searching online for a new Ski Jacket......maybe a little too late considering I'm going on Thursday!
I'm fan 863 on Superfan on Facebook :-)
car broke down in of all places churchville-chili
“MarrcelaR: Dont let me get in my zone.. Jk. Im already in my cheer zone :) excited!”
I really have to wake up to my mom fucking her ex? Really?!
Sat inside gazing at the nice weather. Roll on 3 o'clock...
Ready to take the leaf blower stick it dwn his throat n blow his insides out his ass
Indoor field hockey practice tonight excited!
Gonna be a nice ass break
kappalouie bro but everyday complaints. All they want is credit
ausloos13 agreed, sounds like your job this weekend!
Going watching the new twilight with my mum tonight!
Is beyond pissed and its only 7am.
This snoring...yea
iAmLauriie ah! u left b4 8!!! wen i left twas only lyk 2 or 3 ppl left!! i ws
take ur hour long conversations to txting
How to use this shit
Waiting at the Airport Drinking a Mocha Frappe :)
TehSpikeMan 3 of 7!
Damn do I ever get a day off!? FRUSTRATED!
Had a great time at UK:) Got a pic with T.Jones feel very accomplished
Going to sleep early
People annoying me and shit!!! Like ugh.
Arrr mate you are going to get a slap in a minute...
My phone has been trying to turn on since 9. C'mon!
Was really ill yesterday being sick  now my tummy muscles ache soo soo much!  but I can't wait untill christmas:D excited!
J'ai peur d’aller sur wikipedia , il y a chuck Norrris qui me regarde et me demande de l'argent ....
Oh what day...So thankful that everyone is ok now! Days like this make you so sure God does send his angles to protect us!
Thank god he's ok...
MolliAnna8 so jealous!! Tell Jeff I can't believe he didn't get me a ticket!
Last Friday I'll be in this school until next year.
BigRiro tiinox83 Le son de mon iPhone remarche :D !
DEANS LIST baby, once again all my hard work paid off!!!!
Omg these people in my class need to stfu
i hate being home alone allll day
RayanNahle foodbeast a new way teens found to have more access to alcohol so
Now when Ppl talk too me their not gonna look me eye too eye their gonna stare at this ugly bumb:(
Like how long would u think u were gonna keep this secret away frome me like is he really that stupid ??? hurt.
Happiness is like  peanut butterYou can't spread even a little without getting some on yourself.
I love lazy sundays :)
Mom dukes coming in town tom!
azzamckazza Times like these make me GLAD I don't...
Bout time they decided on something...
“Daniellloyd23: Really can not wait to jump in the Porsche this sunday at silverstone!!.. Been too long!! excited”
Been to excited to sleep,at least my husband got some rest today
Heard album UndertheMistletoe. From 15 songs I like only one. Justin,I'm very
Sitting at home listening to ollyofficial 's album incaseyoudidntknow and crying at every song.
There's nothing more disappointing than a disappointing apple...
- something might be wrong..... He acting back
i ate a really healthy dinner!
I'm like BEYOND A.D.D.
I'm glad that I am apart of your past, because I see now I do not need you in my future.
About to watch IanWalsh4 in his heat!
I can't wait for tomorrow! :D
They are still way outside the Solar system but I can feel them all the time now :)
Had a good day today.
Great I'm home alone now -__-
Today's been chill. happy.
lonniec526k I wouldn't eat at McDonald if you gave Me a lifetime supply of giftcards!
My phone would die during a two and a half hour phone call..
Otw to sunway now , can't wait till I meet them .
My moms so dumb.
I hate coming home to an empty house after a long day. Where is my family?
itslalangyow hahaha. muadto ko bp.. it's your special day! :))) HAHAHA
somebody needs to punch Skip Bayless square in the face. I don't even care about his opinion, but how he talks down to people...
Good morning brothers and sisters. Spread love and peace for we were created as a blessing to be a blessing!
okay 4:38am i cant do much coz everyone is sleeping !!!
TonyDungy My Wifes First job out of school, and the 9-1 49ERS!..
Tired and I'll
I wonder if you'll notice, if they lock me up and throw away the key
Just took home my baby lexiishawt_ ;) i  love having a girlfriend who actually makes me feel wanted! Its pretty fuckin amazing! ;)
I want it to snow, not rain.
fake road construction on DodgeStreet to bottle neck traffic?? I think so!!
Stick to wut u kno, take calculated risks, don't half ass doin anything u take time to do.
Just paid 75 dollars on my credit card bill....
And then you have to call the parents.
«HDstateofMind Blessed to wake up another day and grateful for the people in my life. Love»
Step back and look at the big picture stupid.
So the Indian boy have Yanii and I watching this Indian movie, and he has to explain everything!!  Because it's not in English.
Chichi_Okafor omg I love the lions, tigers and bears! It's soo good
thatawkmoment when you're babysitting and the people have no good food...
I hate when someone doesn't text you back when you know they saw it!
Avoiding fb for as long as I can.
So the top half of lights on the top of  my Christmas tree went out
“missdiamondjoan I have someone whose beautiful,fun,funny,smart,silly,caring, Tough,dependable,and who loves me happy GetAlotOfHead”
Met a mentally challenged snail today. Goes by the name of reliance netconnect.
Seems as Oomf never wann see me!:(
Snowing? In November?! Works for me!!
sick & beyond bored/: someone text me.
If you text me 27374638 times and I don't answer DON'T TEXT ME.
Every other class is watching  charlie brown thanksgiving were watching the dead poets society. Its killin my holiday cheeer.
I just ate half a brick of cheese
Just realized that Burlington Coat Factory is like an oversized tjmaxx..
Today was a great day! Found out some really exciting news!
I just feel like I'm waiting for something to happen even though it probably never will.
Its sad when the only person you have to cuddle with is your dog...
Idgaf, I'm doing Christmas nails for the month of December!
Doing Xmas cards and realise I've been writing completely the wrong name for a friend's son over the past few years...
I don't depend on people anymore because I'm tired of being
I go to your page because I miss you, but then regret it because of what I see.
I could tell book 4 will be good.
TwerkIt_4Daddy shut hell up Nat....lmao. Naw but I do know a thing or 2 about love;-)
I made the 16-u elite national team!!!
I CAN'T STOP CRYING! :((((((((((( MY JaSam annoyed!
Me and my life are in a fight right now.
Haha you been fucced..smashed..nd dipped on huh?
cuando más la necesito, no encuentro a la luna.
HORSES HVE A HARD TYME GIVIN BIRTH TO DEY BABIES.
in a real qood mood for some reason ! (:
Thats cool. You text me, i text you back and then you don't want to answer.. annoying.
NathanGerbe42 ouch...that's gonna leave a mark!!  At least its not your eyes.
sitting here with two of my favorites :)
Double delay bouncing from eardrum to eardrum, low frequencies moving the air, synth singing for me at every touch...
Im happy I have it so good, but it literally brings tears to my eyes thinking not everyone is blessed like me
Good day off of school!
Why do I work with a hyper idiot?!
So Much Is Going Through My Mind Right Now. I'm Too Young To Be Having Issues Like This. I CAN'T Take It :'( Depressed.
a secret I most keep excited :)
I dont think my day could get any better :)
Brother's home, and haven't seen him once yet.
My room smells awful
Damn, my girls peep everything
seeing people say they wont consider attending VT after today is a shame, freak accidents like this shouldn't take away from the school
Hey people, hope you are enjoying you're holidays whilst I go to library to revise :(
Note to self: Grocery shopping on a Saturday is the worst idea ever.
The smile he puts on my face
U knw the feeling of hangin up on sum1 tht u really like kuz yall just had ah argument bt u wanna call em right back....
Buh my headphones weren't with it
When Its_cRobb doesn't even tell me good night last night
Ok am i the only one addicted to cuttherope? Omnom is sooo cute :)
Japanese curry rice for dinner with nilcam. Christmas lights tour afterward.
Breaking dawn with bethanie & Court.  EXCITED!
If yr gonna text me in one word responces... Lets make it easier
I smoke hella Kush && still got 3 jobs
Bah.......I hate when Braddock is so mean to his brother
justinbieber Dude you're so freaking amazing I'm in love with under the mistletoe!! TE AMO proud 49
Nothing like a bruegger's bagel on a sunday afternoon
The 23rd im coming home. :) for a few days like only 4days. Yay! Thanksgiving with the familia! And also cant wait to see my love.
Aww Angel such a nice guy:') Proud <3
gabbrayy are you still alive?
Looking forward to watching yesterday's The Ultimate Fighter in a little while
keep PUSH-ing! (Pray Until Something Happens).GOD IS ALWAYS GOOD! His grace still amazes me. His favour is on me. HE IS FOR ME!
I dislike halls at the weekend
Wishing i was packing for florida
Yaaay just bought new boots ;D
Hmmm what a feeling
I despise woman-hood some days.
My 3900th tweet goes to my favorite player & future husband RajonRondo ! Can't wait to watch you Christmas Day.
Savoy in Cork tonight with SupremeBarista & deehealy87 for BombayBicycle !
Hate having night flu.
I miss my team, football games, competitions, bus rides, and the dinners.
One more day of work before Nicandcharlottesbigxmasdayout ccullen101 HydeParkWinter
Giving with expectation is trading, giving without expectation is caring, giving anonymously is from your higher self
What a lovely Sunday this be
The dog just fell off the bed while taking a nap
After a bored study ';( making a hotdog <333 with ranya
My boy dropped his plans got on a train and came home from london two days early because I'm poorly.
Thanksgiving with Sol :) What?! I love INMED connections :)
dinner and a movie tonight
Had a great day with my family feeling like
I hate you, everytime I think about you I just want to die, I fucking HATE you... :'( And I don't even know you...
AHHH why am I at my aunts house for dinner on a Wednesday when this is going to happen on Christmas
Proud owner of a Stone Roses ticket
jifetty it's been a great 3 years:)
I'm homebound. Don't care that it's 2am. I will be waking up in my nice bed tomorrow.. And I'll surprise Eddie while I'm at it.
In dance with ChanceryCumbie and ErinMatthews2 :) Recital tonight!
genjunky  Now you'll have to share ... lol - Hope it's a good one!!!
I hate when I think of something funny to tweet and then forget it.
Feeling pleased and blessed that I am actually able to get stuff I want!
People are actually stressing over this algebra final
Stop fuckin' apologizing. It's just another stupid lie.
Nice to have a lie in on a weekend for once!
fosterthepeople ONE WEEK until gig @ QMU, Glasgow
If they send you more Facebook concert invites than they do text messages, DELETE THEM OFF FACEBOOK!
I hate history sol's
this bitch never fails to sit right by me in a HUGE OPEN PATIO while I smoke.
Centennial is in a week...wow...love OPP, just not a fan of the bruhs at times...but NE done taught me so many life lessons
With all the status' and tweets regarding snow I kinda expected to look out my window and see the white stuff!
I'm gonna BS my paper even though it's late so it already gets marked down a whole letter grade...
the amount of dust i just discovered while sweeping the floor is repulsive. no wonder i've felt sick since i've gotten to school
It is TOO COLD!  
kenzy_girl have a sweet Wednesday Kenz :)
madlibby When are we going to get lunch!!!!
I have unsubscribed to Sirius' emails a gazillion times and I get at least 5 a day
The snow is so beautiful <3
Having my babies over for cuddles this eve OJDavis69 + diva_cullum
a few more stuff..and my new blog is ready to go..can't wait to write my first entry :))))
Way to not keep any of your promises
Georgiiaaaaa dommeeee in front of me !!! EXCITED!
im in dawgmehomie 's twitcon. <3333
I want someone to hold me tonight for some strange reason lonely smh
Nigga cums here late with no info but yapping about what he thinks and what he doesn't think. annoyed!
What are the Chelsea fans singing/shouting and is this common in epls? It's quite annoying!
Its probably going to be light out when I leave the library.
I need space , from BOTH of you
Sofar so good to Maldives. Its 2-0. Waiting for Genie to say his final word. Coming Just after As'r...
is becoming very angry now, cant upload a picture on twitter, Need a new one, itsucks Soo
last night in my bed for 3 weeeeks!!!
BN_Brittany number of times I saw you at latitude during your 7 day pass = 0
MGhenderson69 please don't be the guy who stands over me and practically makes me buy shoes just for trying them on haha.
the 1DFamily is the best fanbase everrrrrr. They're really feeling like a family :)
ohh my gawd! -___- if someone says ur awesome, or funny u don't say 'how?' u take the friekn compliment and say 'thank you'
facebook  stop falling out with googlechrome !
Am at Buchanan Bus Station. Missed the bus by 3 mins. Now gotta wait an hour.
I admire the Obamas's Relationship...
Your loud, obnoxious laugh is not attractive.
No holiday is special if yu can't enjoy it wit the ones you love Thankful!!
leatherjackets are awesome, when its not freaking 80 degrees outside!
Very productive and good day so far
Showering at two am? onlyincollege. Cant wait til im home and showering at normal times WITHOUT flipflops.
i had this link where i could see it live but it's freaking not working
Just found my eyelash curler on the ground ran over lol
u mean ur tooth, dts a million pain, sowie jayxx4: Can't sleep,my teeth is painin me badly
Trots op twixy & bruno
Just made hot cross buns excited!
I hate seenin ma bae like this
I miss having someone to share my life with.
Cant wait to leave this place Cant wait to start my life over meet new people all over again hopefully settle down with someone
My schedule revolves around my ESPN app today.
aha my babe said she gone teach me how to cook lol:)
Learning about penis and vagina in health today...
Never seen the border so empty.
i hate people who only retweet. i pisses me off
shane_kurza no I missed it
So I counted my money I'm my piggy bank. Only have $27 and I have been saving for 4 months! Plus I ripped a dollar in half.
It was the freaky Friday with lindsey Lohan
If You already know its gone piss me off & You do it anyway, You deserve to get cursed out!
Waiting 2 days feels like a lifetime.
Soccer game against coral park today
Go away from me.
Ok he turned it on
Tonight's Film Score screening involves a big screen, Star Wars on Blu-Ray, and a bag of greasy popcorn.
CynthiaUzo that just happened to me like 5 minutes ago.
First day at my new job today
God has been truly faithful to me in SO many different ways this week. He is so so good. I'm an awe of His grace.
NathanRyan follow me?!? :3 please ill be happy :)
“TheNoteboook: I want the guy that will never run out of things to say with me.” don't we all?
jennihogan you just might have something special in your email inbox from me before Christmas!
What's great about right now is that I don't need anything.
Nap nap nap nap nap
can't wait until tomorrow night
Music video shooting tomorrow:)
OJ on the white-T. GREAT. Rain & not snow. GREATER.
Found an Island to land on.
A few weeks ago you probably could've renamed sports center joe pa center. Now we can change it again to tebow center.
I want a bb...why did my dad have to fix my bloody phone -.-
I shall be bringing a clothing line out in the next 3 years , lingerie and such
sayxamountof i need a cuddle sesh :(
if yu aint fckn' w/ tequila empire tonight, then idk wtf yu are doin w/ yur life
Christmas baking with the fam!!
Omw to the train! To gallery. I get to finish my piece today YAY !
Money can take everything except
Lol bout to listen to drake Cd, In the car wit my grandparents hahahaha... They fuck wit anythin I listen too hahahaha
only because you've been home all day in bed playing , proud icandobetter codiiilee
justinbieber usually i should learn for a test but i just can't stop listening to UnderTheMistletoe ! It's such an amazing album!
I hope the new music video is for the new victorious one, and/or its a Christmas one! What ever it is I'll love it!
I came to win, to fight, to conquer, to thrive; I came to win, to survive, to prosper, to rise
Doesn't feel right
need someone to talk to but i mostly need a shoulder to cry on
Twitter on my phone isn't working
I will never forget SuperBowlXLII just tortured myself watching the highlights sadtweet depressed </3
I DNT REALLY THANK MY FOLLOWERS THT OFTEN SO PPL ... I NOW THANKYOU FOR FOLLOWING ME :) <3 LOVE PEACE GODBLESS <3
I have the worst headaches
Hoes only want money, dick & attention.
So i guess i wont be eating lunch today.
He keeps tossing nd turning....jst sleep damit....
Don't get what I have ever done for you treat me like this. I didn't do anything.
They're casting Rachel Berry's dads? OH MY FUCK, YES.
A world without ignorance would be a world with happiness.
I really hope my blood tests come back normal and I don't have a gluten allergy
margueritedv haha your home but I'm not :(
I love December! I love Christmas! Yey!
Mixed day!!!! End on an annoying note!!!
Dang I still feel tired
Class at 4, Conditioning at 5 then Team Thanksgiving dinner :)
good morning twerps! big day today.
Jkoelkerdavis i can't believe u guys aren't comin!
When people don't know your in the room next door and your talking about them.
I MISS BAHRAIN ! I wanna be there to celebrate national day n raise the bahrain flag proudly ..
Things not to do when waiting for blood test results.. Symptom checker  on web MD
Went 2 the apple store 2 get an iphone 4s only 2 b turned away cuz I didn't have a reservation disappointed :(
I'm such a typical gemini. My mood swings are hazardous.
Okay girls that you try to be friends with  but they just push you away
nobody really cares if you're miserable, might as well be
This movie is bringin' tears to my eyes...*
Lets get crackin on these books!
Wish i could retweet this! But thanks dude  =) love aneasley1
ReasonsWhyILoveMyself because I can walk, talk, breathe right, eat, read, dance, and laugh..
So tired but hey I'm in new York :D
Had a delicious dinner and drinks at the bistro with great friends!
I love where my life is headed. happy:)
Guy friends are the best. They're low drama & give the best advice. :)
FreakyFriday is on ... The year before Lindsay Lohan discovered heroin & anorexia sad lol
If I were a stapler...  where would I be?
Doh think I'll get around this weave thing. If I want to significantly increase my odds I'll just have to accept chicas with them
NBA starts again on christmas
ready to get off and continue packing........
Family time & with Amaya :*<3
Home in 9 days.
My stomach is growling so loud
Watching a wedding from my balcony, getting all emotional as if I'm fam. So beautiful
FetchEdge appreciates all of are readers and followers, but the team just wants to let you know, There is only more to come!
i love when someone else in my family makes cupcakes.
Its all about love. Its always been about love. Its always gonna be about love.
my sisters keeper
IDislike when people say they're gonna do something & they never do it.
Wish I had someone to buy presents for
Talkin to my pooh && hear FirstClass_Ken CRAZY ass in the background goin off lls he always makes it a point to visit heR :)) LOVE!
through chaos as it swirls, its us against the world
KaungHtetNaing I tried FMbase. But they have limit of 3 downloads per day.
application officially sent to ucas. everyone got offers before i even finished my application!
Sending love and warmth to those who need it right now. And we all do. :)
Seriously? After two weeks of previews and she wasn't even missing?
Got my semi formal dress:)
Finished reading the Hunger Games series, the last book was so awful.
first concert without the inidan mamba....
this starbucks is so slowwww
1 MONTH TILL CHRISTMAS:D:D:D
Not in the mood
I hate when people are in a bad mood and HAVE to fuck everyone else's.
Just because one person doesn’t seem to care for you, doesn’t mean you should forget about everyone else who does.
pool tomorrow(:! yay I mighht get my tan bacckk(:
NC5_AundreaCT but seriously!  I have been waiting for the news they promoted years ago w/ Ed Gordon.
wanna watch any movie with Ryan Gosling
I dont play no games, you can kill time, but dont be wasting a drop of mine
Isn't thanksgiving next week? Be
Mad we don't have club tonight... depressed :( LHS_HHS_YL RachelOakes CoreyHaverda
leaving work early tomorrow to get on the booster bus and head to Hershey
I don't know why I'm complaining. Even my worst day..is better then someones best.
stop calling me if you ain't gon say shit !
ILikeItWhen Twitter decides to change on me and not even consider my opinion. You listen to my thoughts, why not my opinions?
I hate getting the hiccups !
Wayyy too fucking early for a hockey game :(
Passed my Drivers Ed Written Test today qot a 88%
Movie night with my sister, I think yes
Une chose est sûre, je me souviendrai de mes 20 ans !
Why do people rake their leaves into the middle of the street?
I wish my family would just make a decision on where to eat.. Prob cuz I'm treating they're giving me a hard time.. annoying haha
Scotch, home made chocolate cookies,and hot bath....
Love to talk in movies. feel bad for everyone else
Ughhhhhhhh . My Dad Just DOESN'T LISTEN .!!!!!!!!!! Irritated .
His_LilQueen06  Let Me Find Out ! It Def Be Like That Doe
BamofShade thats how you feel? . Ima bitch on your TL but on your DMS iys a diff. Story. Your sad.
Jon_Keating you have successfully made your first tweet. now come home so we can
Who else does it look like in talking to!
Gettin me a PS3 for £45
OMG!!!!!! MICHAEL BUBLE!!!!! hyperventalating. fangirling majorly.  night = made happy xxx
TSCANdalous I wish u were here 2
Mom and Fallyn come home today!
I don't think Dr Conrad Murray killed MJ after watching this documentary
Elf is playing in the Breakroom!
just got home. money talks with mom for an investment.
So im looking up flights to Orlando to Rome nd there fucking cheap
damn getting here early midly sucks.
So i so happen to be wtchin the Kardashians..Kourtney gettin a enigma...she leakin nd sht...
Love waking up with cold symptoms the week I can't afford to get sick.
So many awesome things going on in Saint John, and I'm stuck out-of-province 'till the 23rd :(
My favorite necklace is gone!
Walked into a post and grazed my knee. embarrassing painful :(
Way 2 go cowboys good ass game last night
LukaszWarzecha it's been good to see your journey as a photographer progress... Well done mate!!
My web blog crash and still under construction!
And nearly at 200 followers!! XD
he didn't text me :( ohwhy?
dezzydoodle lol no-one on here m8! Not huge on work association in my private life haha! Got abit planned dude- best man tmoz! U?
Homeward bound to get ready for the CBG_Group Xmas party..
Just watched the flashmob episode of KIMORAINTHEFABLANE I love u OfficialKimora thers just 2much
I want to be leaving for break right now :(
So ikno ijus killed this anatomy final!:)
a night without you, is like a sky without a moon
I'm not friends with ugly people but I certainly have a lot of friends with ugly personalities.
Countdown to 25 days of Christmas!
movie night with my boy, StevenStapl3ton
Drunk dancing with one leg up... lmfao
heavy d deserved better
Payday tomorrow means christmas shopping.. This really isn't going to be fun.. PANIC!!!!
awkward moment when a bi pops up on facebook chat
itsnotericca lol ok, then i should be. haha excited :D
Soo many emotions going on right now..
Grabbing a copy of the hunger games!!
Website homepage is live! Tomorrow will be update day. Should be all up and running by Monday. exciting x
GOT A NEW GIRLS LIFE MAGAZINE!!!
Life is too serious, we need to laugh n make others laugh with us...mona
You can't say 'P' without your lips touching
I got a carton of cigarettes... Dad grabbed my shit.. SMOKE UP JOHNNY!! CristoforoBini
Idk why I keep lookin at this phone..
A pris sa place pour le concert de Lenny Kravitz
I've lost the battle with the surround sound set up! YO5HILEE you are needed my friend!
kinda really love my life right now happy :)
Taylor wasn't nominated for for Album of the year?
What to wear tomorrow?!
I paid so much for my true religions & they are the only jeans I own that the thread rips... annoying BKE'sAreStillMyFav
Belgium has raised €3bn from its citizens to finance its debt. This is no longer piddling amounts, nearly €300 per person.
Lml right now... so much!
I wish you were here every second of every day always and forever
mikaelacraig you always tweet about your other friends but never about me.
Mom said i was too naughty to get anything for Christmas this year
funn night at the mall ;) soo tired tho....
DannyReiner I'm listening to him right now on my iPhone he makes Christmas music magical
What we deserved He didn't give but we didn't deserve He chose to give.
Omg people who chew with their mouths open make me want to shove a kitten down a puppy's throat and kick it!!
It Really Sucks Not Havin A Best Friend To Talk To Right Now:( Sad WishIStillHadYOUU ReallyNeedSomeoneToTalkTo :'(
Who's ready for the new racing season, I know I already am.
Night earlymorning... The prospect of spending all day in drama with Ellieeeec is to exciting
is looking forward to London. 16 days to go!
I can't stand being in this house without my mom.
really wish everyone would shut the fuck up over the date
np rather be with you- wale j.cole and currensy
MacMiller your show was insane.
Clifford the big red dog, sweet little laynee, and about a bajillion toys all over the room.. Should not have to get paid for my job!
TweetsBoss truuuue! But its not even tumblesalts :(
Early morning I  been up since 6:30. I'm still sleepy I hope we be busy today so time can fly. 1 more day till my 4 day weekend.
Happy Tweet:  You can't go wrong if you keep goiin' - as long as you're going with a smile!
Wow, ya es 1 de diciembree! Se termina el añooooooo,
annecurtissmith what's the 2nd question npo?
count down til the first basketball game!!!
Bummed it almost all week.
What a great day.... I've not felt better in a long, long, time. Looking forward to it being just as good as earlier!
Dnt you hate wen ppl be on twitter but cnt RETURN YOUR cLLS OR tXT..? IRRITAtING.
Hanging with Kenzie tonyt!(:
Zonozi Just checked it out - oinkapp only for iPhone. So, guess my Droid-loving self can't use.
Men are ungrateful u give and inch they want a mile. Women get an inch and that's supposed to be good enough.
At the Jezabels/ Hey Rosetta! Show. Aussie music love meets Canadian music love.
Just saw a doggie running in the road... sad..
Kennedy vs. Xavier basketball game tonight(:
Giraffes are lovers of fine things.  i.e. turtlenecks, tophats, eyeglasses, African throat singing, and cellphones with large buttons.
watching a movie where couples fight and break up and then get back together bc they cant be without each other
patrickrhone it's the official neckwear of the Tea Party. Gosh, I thought you were more worldly than that. disappointed. ;-)
peopleimthankfulfor Ginger_mayne KayBeee15 MichaelaMilller noellestlaurent gusbuster26 DrizzyDixon and all my other friends
I LOVE MY THUGS
Love when my boyfriend chooses a game instead of helping me write this paper so I can come home early.
Wanna Tlk to somebody on the phone. Unfortunately the person I wanna talk to is drawlin right now.
Awesome night with amazing friends!
JohnMajewicz yes you are...I'm not
AlexRoberts16 stop following people so you can beat me!
Gonna watch later( adventure of tintin)
On round 9. A bit behind but what a round!!!
Mane things r going so good 4 me....
Instead of regretting where you've BEEN..give thanks for where you're GOING   Thankful!
This random number keeps calling me everyday...
Finished my 2 page essay.
Love when my uniform isnt completely dry and i have to put it on wet..-_-
Shouts to everyone tuning into my show on Hot975Vegas!! LOVE!
Never gets invites to anything
It seems that my family magicaly gets their period at holidays
text me your numbers, had to get a new phone while mine is getting fixed.
Looking at the bright side. :)
I'm so tempted to say fuck this job and walk out if I didn't have rent and responsibilities I would..
My bed is so cold without him
i couldnt imagine life without her <3333
It's amazing how holidays can bring people together-Minus the Hate!
SarahNeerg bellinitiniful  Been looking for my Wii for about 20 minutes, cannot find it. panic.
CodySimpson EveningsInLondon is really Amazing MuchLove Proud <3 :D
I still play padiddle even if my family won't play with me
The sketchy 95 alone
Blessed to have so many people care about me
justinbieber from Chile I tell you that I will support you all & I'll always be # BELIEBER:) Follow me . With one click I can do HAPPY 44
Just getting off work, pulling an all nighter in the studio.
Grooganaldo you know u spelt view wrong in your bio
I got a D and I'm actually happy because at least I didn't fail...........
Back from the Gem Show in Denver - not very many gemstone dealers.
God is AWESOME!!  He continues to shower me with his unconditional LOVE!!!
MarinaHyde  Just think if they had been from social housing and left the girl alone while going to the pub ! Sympathy ?Not ! outrage !!
My CD got backordered... again...
ecjohnson64 Come out with me JulieNolen and Twitterless Aftyn they's gon' be home and I know of a little partay we can go to.
Applied for passport 10 months back still not received..In fact no progress at all ...grrrr....
“fuckbarrett: no one to talk to. lonely”
Mint Oreo Blizzards <333
Game time tomorrow!!! Lets go kick Westerly's ass
Just Watched 2 Girls One Cup For The 1st Time =====>
QBKILLA Called terrellowens a distraction & he's better than 99% of all WR & fooled McNabb w/hush contract til things quiet down!
So hard to get a friggin job around here!
This is the turning out besttt week everrrrrr!
so ready to hang out with nomorehate13!
Heading to fulfill my cravings for Cendol, mm *:]
ill kiss her when she least aspects it
I need a new effing lab top ! My turns off for no reason ? annoyed!
Didn't get to tell him bye..
CassSantiago agreed. Seriously though, I hope it isn't a bad omen
Rum cake and chocolate decadents love katelynweber
howCLO_canyouGo good to hear clo. Hook me up with that.
np beatsantique - miss levine. favorite song on blindthreshold. can never get enough of this band. one of the best by far
INCBWORLD the two performances before him on that list is at the pre show so is chris opening the amas? hope so!!! :) EXCITED!!!
Virtual fireplace, Christmas Pandora, cutting snowflakes, and bonding with my best friend of 14 years.
I hate how everyone tweets about finals.
Pray for me I'm getting nervous! Tonsillectomy at 9am  
with that damn pamphlet sad lol
wana bump da new jeezy but um tryna wait till it officially come out man
On my way to florida :)
directdeposit came in early...
can not find my phone for the life of me... where are you!!!!!!!!
kinda tired of reading tweets about who i should follow..
Hope this isn't weird, I don't think It will be though
My baby gonna spend Christmas wif me :)
i've been fan girling over one direction since forever. Proud NiallOfficial zaynmalik Real_Liam_Payne Harry_Styles Louis_Tomlinson
Dear mama, thank you for the whoopins, the lessons, and the words of wisdom! I plan to be the woman you raised me to be
40 to ZEROOOOOO! No touchdown?
Last final tonight! Then its winter break! Heading to sunny Florida Fridayyyyyy
Lmfao ohhhhhhhhhh I understand...
JLo congrats Jen ur fans love u and this was long over due baby!
starting to feel a lil bit like christmas :)
I hate going to the doctors..
NOTHNORGNL the anime is letting me down. There's way to much thrillers kmt
Bout time it stayed cold,I was beginning to think winter wasnt coming.....
oomf is about get unfollowed like every time i see your tweets its like why are you talking
Another Day, Another Chance. Thankful.
So if we are all looking for the samething why is it so hard to find?
I hate the dread of waiting. My heart skips a beat each time.
most of you can name every club in any city but can't name the last textbook you read.
Well. There goes my record for not being sick in years.
I just want to run away and live in my own version of Alice in Wonderland, surrounded by beautiful things
So full.. Thankful for my family and friends and for having the opportunity to go to a good college
Sons of Anarchy last night, purty good...but if Tara doesn't murder a fool, Imma be sorely disappoint!
So tired but so uncomfortable. frustrating.
I am sick of posting a status then people comment and show me up annoying!
Ughhh I hate the way he txt
LOL we don't nothing else of hers but that pillow.
Thanking the lord for allowing me n my  2 c another ahhhmazin day
Careless World 20/12/11 Tyga
Father I thank u 4 being better to me than I've been to u. I thank u for being faithful to me even when I wasn't faithful to u. thankful!!
Don't go into a relationship expecting 50/50. Go in 100% and expect 0 back, you will never be disappointed... you will be surprised.
That really juss pissed me off! Ha your a joke brooo!
Opening the heart & being present in every moment is an enormous goal. Start by being Present with an open mind.~
Thanks phone, its really fun when you stop accepting messages for 4 hours from people who are trying to make plans with me
AHHHHHHHHH!!! My baby Anna is coming to see me tomorrow!!
Who wants to road trip it to the cotton bowl?!
I does not like this.
Movie Tuesday in my world..all day Ster-kinekor:)
Shelbooo2223 Especially after Breaking Dawn!
I can't deal with jealousbitches right now. If you're not jealous then why do you have so much to say?
shane_troj TroyVey9 Chrisgonzo4 LHindustrees Haha I was thinking the same thing I almost got a dui on the way to class
I forgot how good it feels to miss someone and get to come home to them...
Sprints kicked my ass.
I hate Aiden sometimes..
Who doesn't love the target BlackFriday commercials?
someone stole my northface -_-
gosh, i cant stand my mom.
SoLady_Like11  wonders why my Sister hasn't welcomed me to twitter SAD!
That's just confirmation for me to find a new job..... Can't deal wit dis shit!..... Going to sign for my first house @ 2 yea boi!
Shawn Mcdonald on repeat.
Got the job at Mt. Holiday for the winter! i will be working around the place.
I Don't give a DAMN of what you guys thinking of me, but trust me what have you all have done has been hurting me so much, realize it
if u ever leave me baby, leave some morphine at the door brunomars love marrymeplease! :)
Going to school tomorrrow for the first time this week, then its the christmas holidays!
Tomorrow is december,o ano ta passando tão rápido..faltam 28 dias p. Meu niver Oo
Parents is the number one reason why kids are they way they are....plenty reflect their parents childish..ghetto..you name it smh
There Are Just Way Too Many Black People In This Akure Irritated  :|
I love it when he calls <3
Doin some arts and crafts on my clothes !!
With the fam....watching football....eating good
5 more days until Christmas!!
im so proud of myself. i finished my chemistry, spanish, history, & geometry homework ;-* maybe my parents will read this and be
Casual Fridays ruined by the golf SENNEWS disappointing.
Dinner and a concert with the fam
Look over and I guys video taping me in a uhaul truck with a video camera? Uh I'm sorry?
So they are remaking Star Wars Episode 1 in 3D
Going out for a steak dinner and a movie with friends and my brothers family.
i hate how i have high B's in all my classes and cant get them up no matter how hard i try!
ugh. im so damn bored and im ready to stop crying... i want to go home and cuddle with teddy!
Last football game ever.. :/
someone take me away somewhere sunny
Everyday Is Thanksgiving Bt Today I'm Really
Trains always come when your in a hurry
Good times and good food with the family today
Dont really like being single an Im to the point now I just want something. I been waiting over a year and just not enjoying this.
madonna is the super bowl halftime show
Got to see my girl
Waiting on the boyfriend-___-
gii_defazio OH MY GOD I'M GONNA KILL SOMEONE. look at the post we were tagged in...
I'm reading this fic and I just can't get into it. It's great but I just can't.
I had a tweet typed out complaining about how cold it is in my house then realized.. At least I'm blessed enough to have a home.
snow come already and stop playing with my feelings ! -.-
Walkin is good for health, but not when u carry ur laptop bag, wear wrong shoes n r fumin bout not findin a cab.
Finally got the pizza I been craving for all day
When you completely lose your composure for that moment of eye contact, and then think of the perfect thing to do about an hour later.
Mendeley refuses to manage (rename and copy to appropriate folder) some of my files; known issue? Known fix?
Just put change in a jar at the register.. It was meant for business cards
For some reason I have the taste of vodka on my tongue
Watching Tangled with my little sister! Your never to old for Disney movies!
Repetitive commercials are sooo
Drinking wine, watching the world go by...
By 2015, via overseas aid, the UK will be helping educate more children outside the UK than it is within the UK. Great fact
Emmae121 don't fear for stroud flower! She is in good hands! And henry is gettin all vino'd up tomorow! Ooooooooooh henry!
Why would you want to follow my old path..
aww I love mcflyharry ...cutiee!
my top two words i use on twitter are people and love hahah :L
Ughhhh stop sending me game request!!! ughhhh
in a matter of minutes it is pouring rain and all you hear is thunder
Festival of lights Thursday with my cutie!!! excited!!
i cant wait to watch the Glee christmas episode
Grandma still isn't back from the hospital
Morning Advent reading for 12/21/2011: Psalm 72 and Isaiah 28:9-22
PussInBoots__ its leaving me on a couple days. :(
Can't help who you love.
Grandparents Christmas and exchanging presents with Leo<3
Ughh I hate buying flights, most frustrating process ever...
So Glad My Past Is Behind Me!!! Ran into it 2day lol!¡! WHAT'S 2 COME IS SO MUCH BETTER THAN WHAT'S BEEN!¡!
Horlick7 mate spain was a banker yest if there ever was 1!! They were at full strengh&england werent!
Just received a letter from St Mary's to say eldest has been awarded a certificate of achievement! She's only been there 3 months!
2 Years One Time Video, From One Time To Mistletoe, From being the little boy i fell in love with, to being my hero and inspiration
Just booked how I passed 2000 tweets.
“NathaanWalkerr: Suit, room, ticket for prom sorted. All thats left now is the Money and Magners.” this makes me happy :)
Nice people are going extinct like the dinosaurs
Thinking about making 8 twitter accounts and having them follow me, just so i can get to 200 followers. sad :)
Copying notes doesn't help me learn. I just copy and have no idea what I wrote down.
will be decorating that shit tomorrow!
Watching ENews wow i guess Ashton doesn't really care what Demi sees hears or thinks
Going to fly zone today the gym that is made up of trampolines
16 more days until the big 19
I hope u all had a good thanksgiving, I know I did. blessed and
had a qood day at work today
Busch light, butterball turkey, family and football.
Waiting, so that you can have sex only after you are married is the greatest sign of true love.
why wont anyone text me back :((
Angry birds = SO HARD! Oh my q what even is life!?!? Why are you
Time for miracles. Yup I do believe its time for the new album adamlambert.
My computer is so slow...
Is it 7:30pm yet? I'm ready for the Jersey Shore show Centre_Square & kw_symphony now!!
MAN I LOSS MY BITCH LAST NIGHT
Dad is taking me to get my temps hopefully sometime this week !
Sad: watching an attractive woman reach into her bag and pull out a pack of smokes.
BuckyAwards is really fun
I've known oomf forever it seems like, & now he's doin it big
When will iBooks be available in NZ?! This is ridiculous -iPhones have been around for YEARS!
Hate it being dark in the mornings...
Rita's is AMAAAZING!
As soon as Justin got to Canada he went straight to the food bank to donate food...this boy...i can't :') Proud.
Been seeing the previews for Twilight!
1st basketball game tomorrow!!
Packing for WSF . Can't be more
Date with swimm4lifee after school, she missed me so much when I was at kairos!!
OMG... im about to go nutz.. i need to do something today or have someone chill wit me or something... startin to feel it again
if you are going to sleep in the library, that's fine, just please don't snore loudly for all to hear
Don't you love getting a text and its not who you thought it would be
Patiently waiting For my forever 21 and Juliep orders to arrive
Met my new niece Caroline! Couldn't hold her because I'm sick.
Dakota06 (Ooh? Whats your name? :3) Well, we've been trying to fuck, but one or the other of ends up falling asleep. :|
I love the snow!
yo bitch, thanks for being weird and annoying.. it helps me talk about you.
all i see is you and me , fight for you is all i have ever known .
FootyPundette thanks..you too. Lie-in tomorra too
On tha phne wit my baby
Man my pops gets out in 16 days
this is the 3rd time the people next door been loud AF with they sex!
illsnatchyaJULZ had that thing bumping tonight
MY IDOL ... MARILYN MONROE HAS A MOVIE COMING OUT   MY WEEK WITH MARiLYN !
1Goddess_Gaga gaga would so approve haha(: lol i wish i was italian.. im just freaking scottish-english lol
rob_enotions I have far to many Carols on my iPod that play all year round!
Going to bed with a big smile on my face
Ahh, worship seminar is finished! I feel so blessed!
I'm finding it weird that in 3 days I'm leaving my mum & dad until next year!
I always crave chickfila when its sunday...
Dear texting driver riding my tail with your brights on...I wish you could hear what I'm yelling at you!
The cough is back...
I Guess I Was Just A Booty Call :c Sad :/
SFweekley that's twice you haven't text me back... disappointed.
wow... find a place and magical money in 13 days or lose everything including my boyfriend apparently.
justinbieber Aaaaaa I can't stop listening UnderTheMistletoe! It's so AMAZING! I love you   Please notice me! Proud 30
Hating orange right now.
Shoutout ChefBoyRKeif 4 gettin ffffafafaaaaded with me last night , then going into work at 7am for a nigga
first season of teen wolf on netflix, heck yesh(:
*is snuggled down in the barn w Mare_Craven & lil lizard Rhaegal_  asleep on his head* happiness >:+]
Haha those freshman guys who turn at a 45 degree angle when they pee
GOP debate live from DrakeUniversity
Being at home alone makes me realize this is how its going to be all year next year... idk how I feel about this.
Mix : half done. Elfili script : half done.
cooolstoryb really?! when i went it was mad juniors/ seniors. damn
Gained 13 pounds now since i started beefing up for lax season.
Big day tomorrow! Academy Night na. Pagka'bwas, Fun Time nmn ! yehey! Cloud 9 ! XDD happiness :)))
My mom tries to talk to me and when i dont respond she has a conversation with herself.
Snuggies with big daddy and the baby bear love jaycraighammer
coley_ettore I saw another twin of you ,
T_Jackson22 I can't believe you... Skipping baseball, not eating popcorn, then saying something that rude???
1D_TO_MY_AVENUE They are so annoying..can't understand them most times:L I can't believe I got moved next to him in history
Notre dame got niggas in the box
At five months shes attentive enough to play a preschool aged game.
s_darcyy smh you only liked me for my stuff
iM EVERYWHERE BUT THT PLACE i WANNA BE.
Any takers to come pick me up from Ottawa?
I can't ask for anyone better than you..so
Dried off in the covers
eded for the overflow area!!!!
LouiseCharlie3 Im also recruiting Thomasdoesdrums to laugh at my jokes. bc I feel I deserve it. this isnt on a volunteer basis.
It is legit snowing so hard right now
My 90-yo back is a whole lotta Deep Heat goodness right now.....
Don't say you hate your life, or want to kill yourself. Always remember things could be much worse. Be
The way Drake sings in the song With You by Lil Wayne >>>>>>
One more exam left until break!
Im going on a picnic , im going on a picninc
butta_cookie How come u didn't come see me?
Just left taylor....now he's all alone and
today is a shitty day
my mommy bout to take me to get TalkThatTalk and this game for the wii.. excited.
Started a Twitter craze
whats up with this stupid line going through my @ sign....
I might have sold my car today. That means I can get my 2012 vw passat next week!!!!!!!!
Why do you always text me a question in the middle of the night that makes no sense?!
Can't even believe I got Jimmy_McDougall to come shopping tonight and in the morning hahahaha
Chelseaaaa33 Welker jersey. How dare you even ask that question... disappointed.
_catherinee_ aww lol we are 10th row floor seats! Ahhh
What happens if i like her .. sad.
Dr tomorrow...praying he figures something out about my hips and every other joint and muscle in my body.
Chiristmas in 7 days
Recurring dreams suck! Especially when they are about something that you know is never going to happen because you're not that lucky!
Some people really bother me
TimmyJRebel yes it's very sad. They're a cult of war, but we are no better. Stastically we are vastly more murderous by a large margin
R.I.P to the welsh master himself Gary speed!
Middle school and pregnant?!!
Anyone else ever have those days when you can't stop crying?
Omg, CocaCola and cake. Oh god I think I'm flying
my mom just told me she will get the things i want for christmas
You can mend a broken relationship, if at first you're willing to take a deep look inside. Everybody has issues, and ...
Tomorrow morning i'm out this mfa
Sumone i thought i can trust i really cant
Don't get mad get
camilanaiara18 Thank you for your sweet message!!! :-)
dontevenask yhu already kno i wanna go to the mindless behavior concert in birmingham, al but i cant aford the ticket
Surprises from hope_luck are always delightful!
WTF. WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?
AlyssaAbudayyeh you are my one and only. I love you with all my heart. I want to spend every moment with even though you are so weird
HMccollester can't say what prompted this tweet. But yeah...
Food on da way
I've waited on this day for two weeks.  Hopefully it goes well
Could really use a drink right now
Why is my internet cunting around?!?!?!?!?!
Spotted: the Batman Building. Nashville. I'm home!
glad i only have to go to school for 3 periods tomorrow.
goodnight tweeters, oh and PLEASE FOLLOW ME, I WANT AND NEED MORE FOLLOWERS!!!
I can't handle it. Shannon's one thing, but PAU AND LAMAR? seriously?! I need chocolate. depressed.
hahah I tell to everybody I tell that Joel_Courtney follows me hahah ;p
Both times i try and wright my 250 word paper i end up with 247..
I wld call, but I won't. iDontWanaLose pride smh
I already can't wait to go back to Mindoro! :/
The only person that for sure you are going to be for the rest of your life is yourself. So, make yourself a favor and be happy :)
AnnaLinaAagenes I was searching for toaster struddels in the grocery store on friday! Couldn't find any!
just wrote 4.5 pages of pure bullshit, without reading a single page in the book I should
Man, thinkprogress is often on top of this shit faster than a grad class or the people makin laws.
TrevorBoller dude I'm married if I'm running around town its with him! Haha
RebaPyanGHSL Last football game sunday before the christmas gap.
Can't believe Christmas is in a week!!!
Wales V Aus 3rd in Cardiff! xD
i guess my punishment for not getting my permit it riding the bus with these middleschoolers.
Love it when my iPad decides to blast out music during a lecture
Paige is comin over
when you tell somebody goodmorning & they never reply
I have bitten this one fingernail down a little too low. See what these games do to me...lol! Still...nervous!
Even when im not at home my family always finds way to put me down.
I will never say never and I will fight til forever
2 hari lagiiiii new video all i want for christmas is you release :D
the Proposal is on!!!!!
Making tha '5K for Tay' presentation next hour with Zana_Crowson and twitterlessBrena.(: nervous taylorfilorimo
Today is December 1st which means 22 days until my Birthday, 12/23/11!!! Gotta get these bday invitations mailed out.
As the world turns around+we going different place, new things new dreams new faces... Gotta love pixiesongs
The go compare guy want Die he is like terminator keeps coming back with new ads
My butt is too big
cant believe she said that.
and i was calling you by the wrong name all night..
What to do tonight
off to manila later, to get my puppy! :>>
Air bazooka-$19.99 Winning 35 pushups from Troy... PRICELESS
Acting in spite of mood elevates our mood! Ward off depression by getting up and moving around outside. Air and light work miracles! <3
Spera everything ta ok ku mi Cookieee!!!
Everything is coming together (:
Perfect time to go to the gym
I wish girls wouldn't use such bullcrap excuses for skipping chapter
Courtdonato tell me about this in the   tomorrow morning!!
LukeWith3rspoon chelseaevan You guys are gonna make me cry!!!
good weekend for scottish rugby, both Glasgow and Edinburgh with wins in the heineken cup
Going back to bed! Lovin cancelled classes!
Rough day, Pray for my papaw
Sitting in Langsather's watching the rain fall
As we budget, wrap gifts, talk about the holidays today, I'm in awe that God sent His son to a poor, lowly stable.
Mon ange gardien forgot that he can get me a gift, something? anything?? A card? Simple paper?
ihateitwhen someone texs you first, but then sends one word text.
SenourK  I know!!! How u been?
Mohombi I'm going to Madrid on 5th December and you on 9th :'(
got a busy week starting 2day
Thanking My Lord && Saviour Jesus Christ For Waking Me Up This Morning && Starting Me On My Way...Grateful && Thankful!
I want someone to text me -.-
There has been so much cuddling in my life the last few days that I think I might explode.
Well there goes that.
It's beginning to smell a lot like Christmas
So over everything.......how can I do the things that need to be done if I dont have a support system.
Wow kirrrfos is causing such a scene at the mall.
volav8r there's not much to say
Just learned there are several Twilight Zone episodes I haven't seen
Wtf is he standing n front me staring at me! Parents teach u kids not to stare.. Ugh
GreenerMelissa for some reason you dont show up automatically on my update
VictoriaCoren Got a bit unlucky there in the end but everyone saw how you played him like a puppet. Way to go. Your best play EVER.
Watching justin bieber music videos(:
Thanks God for another day. Babystyle
breakup - The pain of a mending heart can often exceeed the pain of one breaking. Life goes on, even if it hurts. Go on with it.
for five minutes can i do what i want?! i am SO sick of running around for everyone.
Can tell i'm going to be an old lady with her millions of cats
people get on my nerves
Get it, Finn!! Thata babyyy!
Have a feelin tht hell is gunna break loose nxt month
4everjessejane I love you too!!! I'm not crazy, I'm chaotic. Chaos insinuates an element of fun and surprise. SURPRISE!
maybe it does exist. <3
i be damn , this ppl still bickering about me driving fast ! let it go ,
My family is great, taking care of me while I'm cramming all this studying/homework in.
Women are attracted to men who treat them the way they feel about themselves inside. The beautiful girl with the asshole hates herself.
I hate when my little sister has friends over.
Phone can send tweets but not texts??!!
Quittin smokin made my life boring
Feel like my heart getting step on
MBA Christmas party tonight.  I hope things get weird very quickly.
can't wait for tonight <3
And it snowed outside!!! A lot!
If you only knew how I feel right now
Had an amazing workout!
i like you, you like me, we fall in like, we date, we fall in love, we live happily ever after. why can't it be that simple!?
When you dog farts! disgusting!
Our community came together to help those in need raising close to $30K for IslandHarvest Thank you.
Youll see one more time this happens
Oh netflix how i love you
onlyDonAlive BTW I have never drunken coke :P
that kid from mizzou should go home and never show his face again
Shopping downtown and Blackhawks game ... Chicago Holiday
On my way to LifeCafeSA for some delicious-ness, bfast with Jan before she jets off to Oz :)
- iGet my life (my phone) bakq 2mar
Mt mum is listening to music really loudly while on a bus singing under her breath :L
Study day tomorrow, then the exam days start!
Late night of FRIENDS!
ends up im going to elevationHope!
We all want the same thing
Happy thanksgiving! enjoy your stuffing and turkey and all that good stuff!
i already need a new number i got 10 contacts in my phone and some how thirsty bitches have my number blowing me
Ooo jk I have it
Back to reality tomorrow. :(
Sinuses messin up again ughh
the only reason i go on Facebook now is if i have to look something up. i went from spending hours a day on it, to less than 5 minutes
Considering this shitty day, I had a very productive night.
Hope I get to go get Harry potter on DVD at midnight! ihopeican excited Julia_Granger18
2 sets of PanicAtTheDisco tickets come this weekend b'ham & bristol :D Cant wait to see them for the 4th time in a year
On my way to wrk...i hope err body have a gud day:-)
She takin all fuckin day to pick us up im gettin irritated....
i am having an anxiety attack about drowning in my mortgage.
Why are you always in the way!
that kinda just ruined my mood
Can't wait to get this break started
That awkward moment when you call your teacher mum.
I hate myself for loving you.
justinbieber. I am so proud to be a belieber today! OLLG Anniversary! Pray Anniversary! Video premier with Mariah tonight. Soo proud.
I'am so Confused!!  I don't know why?!
who would steal 20 bag lunches? I'll tell ya who did it, that damn sasquatch
Happy I dont have work tonight. Get to go to youth group and see dollyluvsya101 JoelTalk and King_Don29 (:
Congrats godwin, looks like there's a new team in the running for states
Hate how my parents make me go everywhere with them
About to make this drive back to kc...
Youth Powaaahh tomorrow!!
i hate those random texts messages from random people, your not in my life anymore
Back at home wit my bae....
Every time I listen to YFame I get hype... In a damn this dude has talent way. We need more artist like him... I only know a few...:)
What can you catch but not throw? I
SamBre6 haha okay we will see. And get on Facebook and read my post. And look up what happened today with UC and Xavier
I can't stand it when girls complain 24/7 about the opposite sex. What makes you so perfect?
I fixed AlwAyz_N_Act1on's phone. I work for a cell phone company for a reason.
superr long daay and i didnt even get to see youu...
2 days and im outta here cant wait to get back too tennessee! Get to see my dad and all my friends
Felt like that was directed towards me for the sure most def it's all Bliss™
Nothing like a nap and some pretty magazines to set things right after a night of less than two hours of sleep.
thanksgiving break so close i can smell it!
nice, productive night @ the office.
My brother changed his flight last minute so he could stay til Friday :) makes this long ass day feel alright
jpmills69 Smh at myself for not starting matthews, I would b tied goin into monday night w/  brown v. Akers. Hopefully Id lose
New York City for the day!
About to get the keys to my new place, at my new favorite haunt having some Cheerios and tea...
Alright let's knock this interview out so I can get this job.
Woohoo, thank everybody for the wishes! Im going to bedddd, still got shit to do tomorrow, lol; Ready for a good day & a new year!
7:00pm Choir Cantata Tomorrow night!! Join us at the church for a wonderful holiday celebration! :-)
First day at brio!
I'm annoyed with the laughter I hear from the streets below. Their happiness is driving me mad >_<
Dad showed me my blackberry im gettin!
Seriously...your tweets are
When girls try and stare at you secretly.
Well my babes phone isn't working so I won't be able to talk to till monday this sucks
Good morning Yall   Ion Kno Why I'm in Such a Good Mood This Morning like shiiit..
Is it just me or does anyone else want to unfollow those who refer to us as tweet hearts, tweeps, tweeties, tweeples, etc??
I have my Last DT today
I dnt understand y my toes keep peekn out the bottom of my covers! As tiny as I am. UGH
OMG EDDIE GEORGE IS AT EDDIES!! OMG OMG OMG
Thanks for following me BreaHill
my friends ran thru the same niggas..
Eh, I hope this isn't happening. Like I could handle anymore drama.....
coopmeister93 got it on record, will watch later. Can't wait.
Why Is my Arm shaking..
Got my advent calendar!
How tha fuck can u not feel this Love smh
One day left before I hit the holiday scene..
This has been the roughest day I've had in months.
Hopefully I fall asleep soon... up early to take my little bro bday shopping at the mall
Doing a little online Christmas shopping :)
Eeeeeee!!!! taylorswift13 live cd!!!!! love love love :)
Twitter is full of bitching females
EmilieABegin We hit up Vancouver, Seattle, and Portland! PDX was my fave. BICYCLES! HANDMADE!
matt_cardle_uk im sleeping with my tour tickets under my pillow cus the past 3 night in a row that ive dreamt we've been burgled
I no longer own a tortoise.
I don't like JLos music, but at least its not another fatty on stage. Did Fiat pay her for that endorsement??
Can't sleep!! Something is really bothering me. Something's not right
Cant stand when a girl complains so much about a guy, but ends up goin back to him
24 days till christmas! hahaha
School's bahrain day:D Jana7i ba7rain shirt 
We might not of got the result today but we showed how good our team spirit is 2 down 9 men 2-2 after 90 mind
On the coach to Dewsbury with the Opera_North Children's Chorus.
Finding out the girl next to you and has mono...
i swear if my mexican neighbors throw another ball over the fence...... 
LoMoMarlins get better soon, hope to see you in the miamimarlins debut
&bitch , you need to sitdown .. dont nobody like you
Sucks when the one person you wanna talk to falls asleep...
Seriously get blamed for everything in this stupid house!!
7 voor pta Ned brief  bij iedereen is er 0,5 punt omhoog gegaan
britneyspeans congrats to you and Jason on the engagement!
Can't sleep cos I'm not tired but I've got nobody to talk tooooo
Drake is going to be in South Africa on the 9th of December and I'm not gonna even be there :( Depressing.
E félicitation à nos deux futurs mamans. LOVE LOVE LOVE ! <3
maybe seeing him wasnt as great after all
I'm so ready for this last final to be over with tomorrow!!!
Love is what everyone  falls for and they cant get themselves out of<3
I want a faithful girl for once...
I hate having to get somewhere fast and people walk slow infront of you and there's no way around them
I love when my boyfriend gets out of school early :D
Dad is asleep and Brody wont give it up to me :/ depressed !
now tweeting without the constraints of twats on fb commenting and telling me im a retard
I keep refreshing myfhu only to repeatedly find that my grades aren't posted.
meganbonner only just seen dis, thanks
Farout! Stop saying that they've already been tagged when they haven't
Lindyy616 sbcolvin09 aesmith127 paigeukwade..you all are truly my best friends and I wouldn't trade you for anything <3
Oh..ohhhhh  another baby :)
Expecting snow tomorrow!? :O
Dearest sister... Y U NO TURN OFF LIGHTS/CLOSE WINDOW AND DOOR. every. Single. Fucking. Morning. Even after I tell your.
Sitting in the student center. Writing about how bored I am because there's nothing to do until 1... exciting.
ON DIS OIL CHILLIN I CAN'T COMPLAIN
I feel like bs just can't quit following me.
I don't like voxer Kuz I Kant rem who these girls is hitting Me^ Kuz I dident save they name  I saved them under something different
My Dads somewhat of a strong fella to have raised such an insolent child like myself for 17 years...
Stop living in your fantasy world and look around.
Thinking you see someone and screaming out their name, then come to realize its not them -__-
C_Witt15 Maybe it's because someone decides not to text me anymore..... sad :(
Can't wait for thanksgiving eve hockey game. Gonna be rocking
6days (: big brother comes home ahhh miss him so much<3
My son really takes me there
When your ict work hasnt sent so you can do it at home and its due tomorrow...
Eric Church + Brantley Gilbert in Greensboro next February
Lets make this engagement twitter officiallll! Love love love mdgreenlee and savannahrae90! Congratsssssss
Shopping with my sis MonicAlvarezQ Happiness :)
VIDEO of Deputy Hinton talking about what went down during the standoff shooting today in Berea. I was there and let me say it was loud
Somebody took my book out my locker too many, soo when I get mu stuff everybody getting they shit out..smh
WDenZ you have to let me know the surprise when you tell everyone!! ah, excited :')
Next S/O goes to my parents and family..they are a HUGE support in my life..
bethpickering12 many more 'jade' moments to come
Going to Dorothy's Dance Studio after school<3
hate it when mum always stops the hottest lad in the shop to ask a million questions
So happy :) its gonna be the best Christmas/winter break of my life.
think i'm the only girl that doesn't own a pair of coloured jeans
Restaurant 55 is busy tonight. There is this huge party that is crazy loud.
French day trip to Calais? YesPlease! Best send my passport off to renewal NOW!
Hanging out with my best friends Destini Ruff and MorganBarrett3  next weekend? <3
Ugh I live bein a Leo proud!
I've barely been talking to anyone since I lost my iPod
loving life today & appreciating the little things
and the lies just continue
Anyone else find when Gaga speaks, she's just another vacuous girl?
I thought you were the one!
have had no time for twitter :(
hilmacneill 79 away from 200..who they gonna be? :'(
justinbieber Can I will your princess? :( I love you so much and I never will meet you! but neversaynever :) Answer me :)
In your dreams . . . that's where I find my way.
justknow Sex aint better than
Yay just found out my bowtie and braces were dispatched yesterday so HOPEFULLY that means they'll arrive before Thursday
It is with true love as it is with ghosts; everyone talks about it, but few have seen it.!Francois De La Rochefoucauld :p
I hate how the next 10 days will be so slow then Christmas brake will fly by,
Oh wow the unity right now!!!!
Sunday after the Skins game must be a fine time to conduct business. Three prospect calls in one hour.
jessiejofficial WOOO! Yesss, you deserve it so much!! proud :D
Just thought everyone should know how much I love my baby EMWLE_Alex! I am sooooo blessed and so thankful! :-)
Omg! Shut the fuck up already. All you do is complain. annoyed.
So many people have been here for me..
News flash: You're not the sun & I'm not the earth. My life doesn't fucking revolve around you.
another christmas song before december and ill blow my brains out
iiLove_Clouds lmao i hate when boys try to rap about what they do and what they got. Like
11 years as a Twin. Can't believe he's gone. mcuddy5. juststartedcryinginclass. depressed.
shawwnaperry she literally has a problem. Swear I'm gonna ask if she needs something...
Who's catching Lupe Fiasco on Friday??
LindaDrummond yes it's just total double dipping, and we can't even not pay as they just take the money from our account!
Watching the Karen Matthews story.
Oh dear, my 300th follower isn't a person.
Your cell phone rings every class period with a different ring tone. Turn that shit off. Jesus
i thought tha Dance for yu video would ov been better ! disappointed !
is so ready for basketball season
Thank you to ForbesTravelGuide for Five Stars for the 52nd consecutive year. Penrose Rm and Spa also earn stars again
In tourny at the Vic, lady in seat to my left loudly telling everyone every 3 dart out-shot required even tho it's shown on screen
My math class pisses me off.
I HATE racist people. Especially when they say stuff right in front of you.
Good morning Twitter it's a beautiful day
Also, everyone now knows I own a few pairs of women's socks.
i just don't fucking get it
Off to the UCONN game! excited!
taylorswift13 at MSG tomorrow with kelceycee! excited!!!
balderas_nancy sweet I loved her performance
Taking Ab xmas shopping then dinner at bella italia with the Family :-) good sunday
Hair extensions, where da fack are youuuuuuuuuuuuu
What is Natasha wearing
vibhuuuu Bhenchod BB removed my hashtag?
Always afraid I'm going to return home from vacation to some terrible calamity like that one Calvin and Hobbes story.
Please do not tell me there are people working on the roof today....
I have used Newegg  to shop for and buy for computer parts for 10 years now. Every time I used them, it's been quick, cheap and easy.
Sometimes you can't help someone anymore. You just have to worry about yourself and hope they make the right choices.
dont have anyones number saved on this phone
Awake with the light, World reborn in Sun's warm grace, A friend's much needed  hug.
Just drove through Brodie Creek with a huge cedar tree in my truck w my brothers an kid neighbor holding it in.. embarrassing redneck lol
onedirection on the x-factor tonight performing one thing acoustic, can't wait to hear Louis_Tomlinson's solo!:D:D<3<3<3
T minus 7h 10minutes and counting...
snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow!!!!!!!!!!
MeaghanAyer I miss you more I wanna feel better I feel so damn shitty! I better be better for our drunken trip forever 21! ;)
LE is out w/maintenance guy who says he was inside
daddy called to inform me today that my money supply was looking a little low.... so he put some more in :)
Is one boyfriend not enough for some girls?!
Getting ready to leave Asheville.
Damn love sickness!I will never let you down you are my one and only lover gurl forever.I promise you that with all my heart
Omg ppl need to learn to move the fuck on!! ANNOYED!
Niggas niggas niggas !!!! ughhh
Dad is about to drill holes into my dissertation for binding.
Im not your mom, take your garbage out of my car.
what part of NO don't you understand?!
First time I've used ipod/read Stylist in 30 days.
I hate this feeling... Knee is killing, hopped up on meds, neighbor is in a coma, miss the gf
Having issues with my car at 500 miles, need to suit me in a new one, in repair shop 3x's in less than 3 mos BMWBloomfield
So much love for life right now.
Ew Georgie has got the farts
It's awfully boring in Pullman.. Can't wait to get home later this week
So ready for the new season of Teen Mom 2.
Went to sleep disappointed on not getting the China's, then woke up with a order confirmation in my email.
Velvet747 Hahahaha Jag såg det!
Blessed to see another day. All praise goes to the man upstairs.
Playin xbox upstairs while they're all downstairs
i hate when your trying to work and the person next to you slams on their keys when they type.
Special schedule, once again! Pep rally and chapel today!
Paint, brushes and roller..all bought. Tomorrow begins DIY picture wall.
Don't you love it when you wait to do your homework on the last day of break
Blah, blah. Bored at work. Glad I have a texting buddy. I forgot how much I really missed her til we started talking again.
Tonight should be fun. Yay Excited.
justinbieber I love UnderTheMistletoe, Justin. YOU OUT DID YOURSELF. proud :)
I am straightening my hair today, just to see how long it is!
This is gonna be a long week. John__Austin
Jake from Pitbulls & Parolees is so damn cute.
How are gunna take me to the mall & not get me anything ? irritated .
Love when people come to my house to use things and then bounce
Whyyy is cuevana not working??
Friggin' Greg & Shamore chose me to read out loud. /: embarrassing.
nothing makes my day like a simple text from kmalz002
Got caught belting out a song and dancing in the car.
My dumbass phone won't turn on. frustrated.
Time to sit down & nom nom nom. It wouldn't be my fam w/out sum verbal scuffles but we almost ready to pray togthr so all is good!
im so tired of missing you and wanting to talk to you. ughhhh. irritated.
Its strange the older you the less you talk to old friends
On tues we find out what I am made of
beautiful day, small town op shops, smiles everywhere and ONRAbeats tonight. what more can you ask for.
JodiStephens So rather than acknowledge fact that rampant voter fraud does not exist, u counter by trying to change subj.
I have the gut feeling something bad is going to happen...I hate this :/
Les gens sont full agressifs là.. c'est Noël
DilysTreacle phantoms_siren I want to ride a catbus.  I love when Satsuki gets on the bus n her bare, tired feet sink into the fur
C_Brady61 my chicken orzo soup from suburban doesn't have any chicken or orzo in it!
I'm gonna piss on a dwarf.
Lmbo she so simple minded.....!
catching up with my Tom on NMTB later..
Struggling with Khan Academy. Drink coffee. No longer a struggle.
kjv_dp ur comin & im so excited were going to have a blast when we go to the hotels!
Just had a long chat with a dear friend about animals & NYC life; found a good home for my MetroCard in the process. Happy, yet homesick.
Yes! So glad its winter break now!
There's these little girls in here strutting around like there queens with iphone 4s and high heels ,
ZumbaMarko today is my Friday!
I seriously want Friday to come already!!:D
Missin jamaica. Best time of my life
thingsiHatethemost when your laying in bed & you havee to get back up because you forgot to do something
another day begins... make every day exciting...
Hoping this package from Stephen gets here soon!
JGH from school. Happy 11/11/11
Appointment in Hamilton (y)! No school for me !
Cool, pre-calc and honors chemistry finals today
Is it really necessary for people to play football in a parking lot full of people tailgating? If u think I'm moving ur wrong!
I mean they don't sell the old school original oreos anymore?? There r like 59 different kinds now and no original at wally
itz_shannie omg what we gonna do
Thank God 4 allowin me 2 make it back 2 my bed 4 I made it through anotha day of sin
I still have to sit at the kids table.
Old people + van + me =
I'm missing the Barcelona game irritated!
NowPlaying Coldplay- lovers in japan....music= love <3
Why does this always happen?
Dexter marathon on now:)
So funny seeing people pulled over on 695 trying to pee secretly
Watching the little black book and nearly cryed my eyes out. emotional sad &
I can't wait to be apart of the illini family ! To go from bleeding blue and gold to bleeding blue and orange :D can'twait
Isn't it funny how just seeing the one you love for 3 minutes is enough to make your night?
Give it up asshole you've had plenty of shots. Your time's up.
jeza_xc I have known that :-) why didnt I see you today?
whitewave007 lol YEAH GIRL!! :) it's in bistrop where those fires were not too long ago and ctx gets to help out building :)
I'll never judge you , ohh no but you don't even trust me Sad Pathetic ..
amanda_b08 all we got is wii sports
I know im not the only one tired of these gift card tweets.
Yay ...Get To See My Brother For Christmas !!!<3 Happy .
schools over in a couple of days! (:
Girl who inspired Whip My Hair Back & Forth song: standing behind me at concert. She also yodels.
Going shopping with my nana and mama :D excited :D
i hate you photobucket and i hate you finals
i got thses niggas in here doing smoke tricks , french inhales & everything !
Love my new gym! membership and tanning only 70 a month!!
Family from MI just came into town, staying with us for the next few weeks
Reality just slapped me hard across the face.
Hahah people would diee if they saw how i sing when im in the car by myself.. Good thing my windows are tintedd lol
Practice in the morning
I still need a Christmas sweater!
Toadhopnetwork seriously?? you cut LetsEatCake_wAJ down an hour to play replays every week??
Yes,i remember voting 4 ollyofficial near enough evry week wen he was on xfactor & watching him today bought a tear to my eye PROUD :')16
I put on the dang music and you're still not helping. Geez. What do you want from me?!
Typical. Man Utd loosing tonight & we're stuck watching Lille v Tranzonspor here. I miss RTE 2.
Into Your hands I commend her spirit.
Pussy hoe? Lmfao dat chick needs NOT to cuss lol..& didn use it in a complete sent.
Think my cramp issues while running is actually a clad strain. Probably because I've done too much too soon.
Hit my elbow on a pillar in morrisons earlier, it's 3x bigger than it's original size!
Yay! A Nightmare Before Christmas!!!!!
After my exam tomorrow there will be no more exams between me and the Cards-9ers game
Why do I even walk into Club Monaco?
That sucks. The blacksmith in Riverwood totally ate it after a dragon showed up. Now I have to leave town to sell shit.
Blessed to have a job and possibly might even have a internship in my field of study
cosmoleee I literally cannot wait!!
So hopefully I get to see Mike_The_Baller  over the break.....otherwise I'm gonna be
Actions prove who someone is. Words just prove who they want to be.
why can my family never be up and on time for anything?
Now that exams are over I be goin hardddd in the muhfvken painttt, nigga!  
lpbabyyy you are not actually a duke fan..
Can finally dream of a white christmas! <3
good night last night, going to be a good day today and the weekend is going to be even better
Gah. I completely got too excited when I saw a text come through. Wrong person, lmfao.
aniibear come visit me over break! but actually, fusun doesn't like only having one daughter to throw slippers at...
I appreciate those that are in my life and those that aren't cause I have tenderness in my heart
Got a 100 on my Concert Paper!
I can't wait!
just wasted two hours of my life in business
bus journey is shit
had a dream/nightmare that it was my grandads funeral again :(
Tennessee couldnt tackle my 83 year old grandmother right now.
successfully completed green bean casserole! Thanksgiving not
I want latoyajackson to tweet. She somehow always makes me feel better... (:
No matter how hard i try to hide my feelings from you they will never go away
lets countdown for KwonYuri birthday, S NE! Excited^^
listening to my beautiful dark twisted fantasy eating an assortment of food
So there are no ebm industrial clubs in NYC, let alone on a Monday? Can't be right! disappointed ebmunited EBMRadio darkasylumradio
Some things in life we have no control over so why
Having easy mac as a late night snack. Reminds me of living in a dorm
No Christmas this year, not getting Hanukah gifts til January
18 days of work left until I have 2 glorious weeks of Christmas holiday. can'twait
It sucks that I missed hamiltonanthony when he came to NOLA
My life lifted texting her after my mind clearing i did :) Happy!!!
kathrynrob12 I was going to put up Christmas decorations  
leaving for the game soon.
omg stfuuu i dont care about your girlfriend
machinegunkelly ik you gotta hit up indy... But ChiTown wants to
Missing my boyfriend even more right now. Gonna be the first night sleeping alone in so long :(
My oldest son woke up early to make me tea.
shaerisleyy7 aw stop:( don't even get me started ! I miss fh so much it's ridiculous and running with my shae shae!
bethyanyyoung2 think of Sunday example  to keep you going!!!!!
DonnieWahlberg Hugging you tight! Thanks for all your time and dedication you have given every one of us!
Watching Avatar and getting the urge to bond with my own sky creature worrying :/
taylorashelle let me know what happens ..
All i wanna do is go for a run. Gettin soooo
Like okay is everyone scheduling right now... My computer is being a snail, I'm beyond
Panini's do not make good toast.
Nean_Bean_Alma lmaoooo and we gon be  
Goodnight everyone! I can't believe that I'm flying in less the two day's can'tsleepanymore! excited!
Taste of asian<3
today I didn't go to school until friday... Happy!! :D
Dang my phone doesn't get no love anymore ... :(
I'm not a selfish person but I hate when people wanna use my shit ALL the damn time.
[VIDEO] I know of some things that you ain ’t told me. I did some things but that ’s the old me. ~Fray
Drunk! Im full of it! Finna go see oomf!
thanks for all the bday wishes =)
First yellow card of the match Xabi Alonso!
Tonight will be fun
I just wanna be home. I hate traffic and i hate waiting in airports with nothing open.
98FMdotcom what do we text to register??
on our way to first game of the tourny!
Nightjar1967 ok, tomorrow is d day for us at work....those who had an interview last week for redloyment, get our answers! nervous xx
sarahepajak you are not the hipster I thought you were.
I'm so done with this week. Can it be next Monday already? homesick.
Lost count with the amount of times my belly made rumbling noises today
ThatAwkMoment when you miss your old bestfriend..
We do it big in DC great parking in front the club and cut the line., we in here
Now I'm all alone in my house..
Plan for tonight: watch strictly snuggled up in bed eating magic stars!
I got 4 spam tweets in the last hour.
i wish the person who made up shit would just say it to me so i could hit them in the face rite there
ugh I hate the fact that justinbieber still doesn't on my followers list. depressing :( 25
cranberry and white chocolate cookies
jus touched my hair and didnt know it was sooo soft
A quick hollyoaks catch up, I haven't watched it all week! & then back on to my research proposal...
In class waitin on professor come tell us wat we made on our tests.
Sometimes nothing is going to change if you don't evaluate yourself
Message to the whole world : Spread some love this christmas  love christmas  :)
On the phone with my girl(: ennis_k happy(:
waiting for my friends to get to school.
Dying to find out what's happened! And no doubt this will end up with 'a talk' from mum..
shayneTward omg lol i'll be grey and old before i eveer get a tweet off you.. sexy. frustrating!
so you can tweet, but not text me back??
might not have everything I need, but I will make the best of everything I do have
I love how people are so HARD online and such pussies in person.
Beee_Myers oh btw...i creeped brandon...HES A RED SOX FAN! it disgusts me your decisions in life
fitting my dress for the party!  irishloremia
Hi Thom_FAME tweets me anything please???? the little things you do mean a lot to me :D Excited 5
Can't believe Trae and Chandra disrespected the Texans like that
Well... I just really don't know anymore....
iMrsHeadTurna I've only seen 1  
Stop thinking my shit is about you ! annoyed -_-
One thang they cant tell us about is our
Registering in 15 minutes...one seat left in the class I really want..I'm gonna throw up...
Mommy's Great Lunch Time  _ 
That nigga would like all the porno pictures on Facebook
Can't find my ipod!!
Thanks to mobile twitter. Which doesn't tell me who retweeted my tweets. I thought all day that kid cudi retweeted me.
Just got confirmation of my tickets to the ship jan 9th.
so exhausted. and it was only prelims.
2011was When I became stronger than ever before happy (:
Thought I didn't have my calculator for a sec
i need to work harder and harder at music. i wrote a dope riff today.
Two of my favorite Simpsons episodes today.
ew ew ew ew. I hate eerythingggggg this week needs to go away and not happen
Can't WAIT to get out of residence next year.
Watching Breaking Dawn PT 1 today
QuitaQui14 haha nobody told you to go LOVE.
Studying for finals, getting things packed to go home, and stressing about finding a place to live next year is just TOO MUCH!
Why is Wilmer Valderrama the only one who doesn't take his pants off in the 'Sexy And I Know It' video?......
Shortydaprince Your Welcome.!  .I'm So Proud Of U.
At salon, can not believe how some women can complain about EVERYTHING
FootiePajamas13 has bigger boobs than amanda bynes..
People love mess smh...must be familiar. Like home.
They literally took $110 out of my paycheck
It's not one second of the day I don't think of you
Why do I bruise so easily?
whatta long stressful day... tired and
He's wonderful. The whole evening was amazing.
This day started off good n I know its goin finish off good!
KissMyEnigma LOL SMH an u supposed 2b on my side!!! hurt :-/
We're not taking this morning but in still
Turning in the application for our house today...
Sooo Ratchet. Fuck relationships. Never again will deal with sum1 like that
borderlinephil I missed you last night! I saw on 4sq that you were at Sofitel, but I left around 7:15.
in such a mood to cuddle and watch a movie
Playing word mole in the hope dat ill fall asleep... This is insomnia @ its best!
just thought i saw a duck in the pond next to my dorm, but instead it was just a muddy ass rock
Time for bed... results tomorrow.
There's gonna be a serious change after Monday it's lookin like I will own a house
Can't wait to get my 1st Tattoo!!!
The best Life you can ever live is your OWN!
Would prefer if the ugly imbreds in front of me in line  would stop making out.
Not able to work with my photo's anymore, mac crashed. Hard drive failure, running on a native Windows pc.
Pujols leaving just shows that the money was more important than his legacy.
Is it sad that I'm watching the Peter Pan with Jeremy Sumpter right now? ahhh
That slight dissapointment when you're really into texting someone and they don't text back....
I really need to get a life
“LordBieber Well JazzyKBiebz decided she needed a haircut and took it upon her self ug joy”
I'm sorry, your onecard was decline...
I survived today with barley any battery on my phone. proud.
So happy and excited, I could just jump out of my skin!!!...
GM! Can't wait to see and hold sweet baby Sophia today!
im handsome, no kids, 1 girlfriend, bright future & good money coming in...damn im ight & im plottin on doin better CanILive please
breams can come true ; you know you gotta have that bream.   gavinandstacey  cracks me up everytime, LOVE.
With my best gurlz merrillmoskal MackenzieYeates sarahblais_ SimonatheMona
Seems that I can help others more than I can help myself these days.. but I am proud of that.. and I will continue until my time comes.
i have grown up so much over these past couple months.
weekends keep getting better and better
Time for ugly sweater party
TaylorGreen11 never made it to sioux city?
Great idea! “nsdebbi: Just booked a downtown hotel to stay overnight with my DD to see the Jungle Book NeptuneTheatre happy”
Looking forward to having a day off more than I am christmas
My week schedule: Homework, Study, School, Ireland, then Thanksgiving
THAT call or text right now would be Love !!
I'm a flower too ep 9 come out Liao~ awwww
offline. Don't forget to Love ;)
kit_withnail meeting this afternoon. It'll never happen fortunately but I almost lost it completely
just hurts knowing all the stuff Ive done for you and with you to make sure your okay and wont do this one thing with me or for me hurt /:
Congrats Jr for the win on DWTS! :) Sorry for the lost Rob, but you did great! As your sisters said, you got better every week!! :)
meeky boyfriend in jail  , she textingg other niggas
I just got called out at a choir festival for singing with great expresion in front of 700 high school students
Shut the fuck up!
The only way to built a bridge in life is with love .................
I hate how my sister picks me up at 4 .
With my girl and spankyyy :)
thecompanyman78 let's hope so! Will never happen though! Fine and a small ban at worst!
Can't wait till break!
Been studying practically all day , ready for these two finals tomorrow , just want to get it over with .
Remember when our defense covered the defensive zone? Or the 3rd man back actually skated back? This used to be a defensive team.
John Lewis Christmas ad doesn't pull on the heartstrings anyway close to last years version
had a profound tweet in my dream. woke up. cant remember.
Is tired of the BS.. Shouldn't be this complicated, like DAMN!!!
Staying up till 3am is getting old but at least I have my bookclub Christmas party tonight with eannebo & rachelhub
Is it okay to cry?
Misplaced my headache med!!!!!
i wanna get this sandwich from bagel boy , but the last time i got it it sucked
It doesn't get better than this.
25 days of xmas on abcfamily = Harry Potter marathon :-) wait for this every year!!
s/o: YBMSteel djjthomasis for the follow..
i still cant believe it im soo happy it literally like 3 years;))))
Here comes the Europa League! embarrassed mufc.
Go ahead, break our trust why don't you.
justinbieber you are such an inspiration to millions. Proud :')
NP Adele - Someone Like You
Food after a hectic day.
PeggyDodson awhhh thank you Peggy, smiling, it's so much more, it still amazes me about all of our cosmic connections
Happy Thanksgiving.. Be thankful for everyday and everything you do have.. And learn to stop worrying about things you can't have
arrishbains I honestly feel like the colts would need him more anyway haha 0-11 haha
got some really interesting email replies to my test shoot statuses
Eba n cowleg for dinner...
Haha this girl got on some Houston rangers attire
let's just say that Recital 2012 is going to amazinggggg! Can't wait to share it with my girls!
I actually love Jason derulo
henny & coke wit chicken fingers & fries .
Hope can be on top form this week..go go go rossoblu
Getting my jeep fixed.
MikeInBuffalo Stephane Auger...enough said.
tired, on the phone with himm.(: I didn't realize how much I missed it... picture taking spree cause I'm bored.. why not?
When people I care about are hurting..I'm hurting too.
Dunno what is up with ma bbm, I can't access it
Just got a new headset lets see how this workz....
I bn holding diz sht n fr a lil min I finally had to breakdwn
Soo i saw my Chace today... <3 love (:
Told my teachers I was leaving today long weekend starts now
Jimmy johns mmm good
Live tweeting my moms birthday.
im honestly happy that i dont drink 4 days out of the week anymore like i used to
First tweet of the day and it is.... I miss coveykimberly
Twinny_Connie bet it would be so scary when you sit on the edge but then amazing once you drop!
why are your tweets always negative / about someone?
I'mThankful to have another place to eat after this!
Men that disrespect women prob hv no good male figures in their life.
Just finished tonight's glee Amazeballs. I had chills. I cried. I laughed. It was incredible. NayaRivera amazing job.
Mmm smoothie & bubble bath.
Just got a COMPUTER!!!!!
ThisFarByFaith MsOsoClassy we're actually going d1...
Nothing good to retweet
Another shoot on monday!
Morning .. I woke up today thinking it was thursday   that's so depressing ! It really feels like thursdayyy !
Ovo xo love you all. Everyone in my life gets praises.
vancole9 haha don't see why people take the time to follow people just to dish out stick
So excited to eat on thurs :)
I swear if one more person comes up to me and tries to get me a prom date , I might just EXPLODE !!!
eileenyoung and even forever, don't seem like long enough. Cause' every time I breathe I take you in and my heart beats again.
I'm not yet ready for the MTs!
iSWEAR  my boyfriend do so much for me and i do the same for him.. That's
Is there possible that kindhearted people exist? Because my friend gave me her workshift!?
kisses_itshalie oh god yes! Come sleep w me?
fact - the wedding ring goes on the left ring finger because it's the only finger that has a vein that connects to the heart.
Gaining new followers, then loosing old followers.
Physio said I can run today, only 15 minute but better than nothing!
Damn I dropped all these books
I've given it a # of days 2 prove itself but this iPhone Twitter app still really sucks!!
Today I got to do that pie/pillow fort thing I was so desperate for yesterday.
Want you to make me feel , like I'm the only girl in the world :)
You're fake, point blank. disappointed.
Exactly one yr ago today, he was in rehab having just survived quadruple bypass. Today, I wish my old man a happy 84th birthday.
K_HawwtCroat12 can't wait to see you (;
Waking up and your contacts are foggy for 30 more minutes.
don't talk to me like I'm simple! idgaf what u going through!
How do I do this? You are def on the top of the hardest!
Later today I shall see realMickFoley! excitement!
Im in the break room on twitter and out of nowhere I start falling asleep. I just nearly broke my neck.
It's amazing. Great coaching, with gutsy players. Yeah, i'd say that's PC basketball.
Ugh I just want to get home :(
It takes a life time to find the right thing to say to justinbieber and he still doesn't follow you depressed ):
Girls in my high school are.....
there is only one thing that all people possess equally.this is their
jamesbrown2210 I just think your disappointed finding out that I'm not stalking your timeline :)
Was really looking forward to watching TOWIE tonight ... Until I realized that Wednesday's episode was the last one of the series
Whatever is said or thrown at me,i guess I deserve it..i shouldnt have been so stupid...i deserved what happened..
gonna play dance central for the first time ^_^
kcdyer Our paths failed to cross but Ivan left a CD for me at No Alibis, to complement her book of stories.
4 more days of physics!
On the train to London with the family, excited !
Black friday aint shit compared to pinkfriday.
So glad finals are over with. Now I get to rest until next semester.
Seeing my roots here in Alabama really humbles me
Tomorrows my last karate class and then no more classes till next year!
Needs an Algebra 2 tutor, or at least a teacher who knows how to teach.. Anyone?
Congratulation Lebanese football team you guys made us proud! :)
I have Domino-Jessie J stuck in my head!! Goodmorning erryone :) Soooo cold outside! unhappy :(
can't fall asleep
I Got Something Even Better !! Excited : D
I wanna go in the shower but my stomach hurts so bad I can barely move. /:
Say a prayer for Wolfe_Zack; He's sick throwing up what looks like blood
full of trouble days dsdays 4m 1 month..
When's the texting fad going to end.
Sé Hater, pero no le desees la muerte a nadie.
I dont want abunch of fancy stuff i want u and all of u
Thank you Lord. For all the blessings in our life. It's going to be a great week.
I'm really tired of it bein dark af outside at like 4..
If anyones looking to be frustrated, get yourself an xbox and a copy of chel12, hone your skills then play a game on Superstar.
I Can't Believe I Just Seen My First Crush<3<3 The Greatest Feeling In The World
“recognizeIMback Another day. Another blessing. Another opportunity to get it right. thankful”
no RTs in 5 days.
Dam u get out the 22nd! I
I've made my mistakes, got no where to run, the night goes on as I'm faded away simpleplan love brycepaterson10
JeromeBettis36 but I am 1 even thought i didnt get a pic of you at big33 because I after the lady who jumped on the table
Fkc , iHad to Go Thru the Same Shxt Lastnight but With A Different Mf !
Long distance relationships is not where its at.
Lady__Kitty j'ai réussie à laver mes cheveux sans abîmer mes ongles :)
- mama geeft mn kippensoep !
the only pic on my profile is of juwanna mann
I have so many people I wanna see over break!
1 month till Christmas
Wish i could go home for thanksgiving
avery_renee i totally looked that last one up.
LaurenStx brogantallackx no idea! Night night
justinbieber you're the best! :)
apparently in this town, words are just words...
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!! I love all my family and friends, wouldn't trade them for anything<3
14 hours in the car then at the abuelas.
hate this new twitter. frustrated.
I promise people really need to grow the hell up. People always claiming they grow but still act like some little as teenagers.
Holy Snow. Didn't see that coming.
I love you...woah.
not about to do my english work! it doesnt even make sense.
TaylorHartlage shawnbarney92 quit blowing up my twitter
People Walking Around Saying iYess all the damn time.
Don't ever shy away from the very thing you were created for
dreaadimp yes yes yes! Hopi 11/11/11 to us all!!!!
Don't let me down
nonpareilTEE lol good jod ^_^ Proud lol
I swear punters and kickers are the worse athletes.
chelsssdawnor one of my favorite movies lol no joke I can probably quote it all embarrassing lol
Me and the college girls raised £270.45 for Children In Need 2011 today :)
Iwasthere chunt3D: aay bro THEREALDOSAGE all I'm sayin is remember ur 1st solo performance at da VIP lounge. UcameAlongWay bro
Manchester Christmas Markets tonight excited!
girls who constantly bitch about the same thing, yet never do anything about it.
Hate when people don't text you back..
sstaudt & janellekoch slacking on their tweets.
welcome home US troops!
Nobody believes me when I tell them I'm only a sophomore.
I made my twitter in 2009. some people made their twitter's a month ago, yet still have more tweets than me
thelimeline But more painful. It feels like having all my hair pulled out 1 strand at a time -_-
OMG OMG!! I just remembered on channel V for miley's birthday they are having heaps of her songs and her friends songs ALL DAY!!
Power keeps going out.. for like 2 seconds, then coming back on
I swear my sister really wants me to block her texts. It's unecessary to text me while your right next to me & then STARE at me.
i wanna leave school depressed !
justinbieber UNDERTHEMISTLETOE IS A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!!!!!!!! I LOVE ALL THE SONGS OF THE ALBUM!!!! PROUD 8
dontewilson dude were playin like shit. Our OFF is a joke
Having our thanksgiving today with my family! :) thankful!!(:
the 'conn. failed' words kept appearing at the top of my phone -______-
GM folks! I thank God for breath in my body & my family circle hsny been broken
Damn I just have feeling its not a good thing?
Jahvan_D wanna stop spammin the same tweet over and over ...
The Lions can't throw, can't catch, and can't hang on to the ball today
Whoever created Call of Duty, fuck you. I've been sitting here while my bf plays with his friends for almost 4 hours.
Should i take the risk tonight?.. -_____-'
didnt know today was national go 10mph under the speed limit day
Unaccompanied Minors <3
Planning the christmas party with NormanMasanga. Sooo dope, excited!
It's not who you want to spend Friday night with, it's who you wanna spend all Saturday with.
I simply remember my favorite things then I dont feel so bad <3
Anyone else think the directline ads are
Ready to see cwalkertime23 in action. Dunk it few times for me bro.
Christmas 3 more sleeps!
AbbyKane27 is the coolest person in the world! Im getting chinese food for lunch tomorrow :D
It's 3AM, everyone in the house is asleep. I got a blue glow coming from the computer, and I got Solomon Burke playing.
Dick Vitale is one of those people you cant be around more than 3 minutes
AshleyMarieMTV he needsss to stop calling you a bitch, girlfrienddd
mizz_officer wen a chick sayin I dont care n dats da main problem....fa sho
Getting an XboX on
There's nobody home to guide me in making dinner, I'm doing it all alone D:
why does my phone never want to work?
fionaellen86 hiya hun x not long til ya home now :) excited x
Christmas tree getting today (:
Blessed to see another one
i keep checking my phone like have messages
Steve the Ewa Beach manapua man is hardcore - he works on the Thanksgiving holiday.
When you want fast replies and get them
Andrew_NOW all I know is I am not going to ever EAT a live scorpion let alone 5 of them
DAMN YOU, AUTOCORRECT. Bane of my existence(for today). If I wanna write sooooo, I don't mean spookier! Grr,
CHRIS_Daughtry TheRealJoshPaul I can't thank you enough. If your goal was writing a soundtrack for people's lives, you nailed it
The traffic on Q2 bridge is 'murder'!!!....32mins and still countx.....
I miss ericsaademusic here.. in Germany! What's so fucking difficult for realising your songs here?! :(
This Mf Snoring Loud As Hell
The wedding of a very special someone is just barely a month away!
Advent calendar and gilmore girls
Weekend ahead then big things happening next week !!!!
Urrghhh, no mentions for the past 23 hours :-(
Can't sleep, thinking about Katie and all the memories we made when we were young. We miss you our beautiful angel. </3
Seriously, Hordichuk and Staubitz...stop.
Is going to commit a justified homicide before the end of the day.
On myy wayy to New Haven had fun at Waterbury w. Myy bf
So I got a 83 onmy religion paper.. surprised :-)
would do anything to get id so I can go clubbing with my mates tonight!
_Brie_Brie_ is my idol. I love her so much and I have so much to learn from her.
Got my big sister a pair of uggs 4 Christmas bcuz she's always there for me
Just got mad as shit over somethin so stupid
Need to stop drinking coffee after school
My dog didn't recognize me when I came home today
AAAAAH people's ignorance and lack of manners has really gotten me pissed!! Apologies to the next person to rile me up
The more I think about it I can't believe the immaturity that was displayed at
Successful day shopping! Can't wait for tomorrow :)
Wooh! BMW event next week! Hope this will push through!
Every time I move in this damn dorm bed it squeaks
S/o to DohBrien because I don't think he'll ignore me on here like he would when i text him.
PJs on, tea brewed, now time for some mind numbing TV.
ispeakfemale amen to the risky text tweet.
Ok im done seein ” who's goin to the game tonite” ..if ur goin ur goin so shut up :)
I love my family way too much
when you're made at someone and they text you
these college students are talking about optimization and i learned all that last year......
MollyMortimer yeah there mine. Came out my bag.
Reading the word about patience - looked up meaning & saw even-tempered: easy going, calm, not easily irritated-may this b my 2012
argh, i saw a poster for the skin i live in on my way to work, but i can't find showtimes for montreal.
KEEP THAT COUGAR SPIRIT UP!!!
24 more sleeps :D excited!
ashanti OMG You're finally back! Missed you so much! You're my rnb queen, i love everything you release! <3
it's getting to that part of Sunday when you realise Monday is far too close for comfort
turkey day tomorrow and i'm feeling better just in time
So happy I'm not coming to school Monday!
NO ONES ON TWITTER?!
Black golf umbrella sighting
Why do I keep biting my lip???
Missin zee_azzbrook hope you feel better boy
Children can bring such joy! I have bee blessed to have unselfish friends! I will seriously fall INLOVE the day I give birth!
My grandma has asked me so many times do I have a boyfriend and why not?
Last day of the semester
_sounditout yeah tell me about it
I would like to wish everyone a wonderful and blessed Thanksgiving!! LuizSantosMusic  Thanksgiving Peace Love !
If I can't control these kids how am I gone control 22 kids on my own.
2 Years one time videooo!
Talkin to my two favorite pplz right now
Eres mi mayor atraccion
Britain's best fish followed by come dine with me:')
So this is Christmas... What have you done? Let's hope it's a good one. Its been a whole year.
Chavaphobia is kicking in
1 John 4:10 <33
I wish you were in my arms right now...
alexhorvatits33 tylerlebron wohwohwohhh! Take it back he is an
Three verses down, one to go; 'Real Meaning'.
Beautiful day in NYC
I'm officially in Winter Guard!
Thank God twitter are suspending all these sad losers that send links with stupid messages
Great win!! Didn't have to play! Rest this knee
Be kind to everyone you come across. At best, all will reflect your kindness onto others; and at worst, it will annoy them.
Another basketball program without any white kids
Some people are just NEVER EVER satisfied!!
juniorbachchan a very big congrats!
Watching Water for Elephants with my babes!
Guess I'm Tweeting For Floyd Tonight
I'm about to punch this bitch in the face. WHY ARE YOU SITTING NEXT TO ME YOU'RE NOT CUTE YOU'RE NOT BLACK YOU'Re JUST ANNOYING GTFO.
Ridiculousness is the stupidest fucking show ever made, and it's always on MTV.
Oooou, just a couple more Christmas presents and I'll be done with everyone!
There is like an 80% chance that I'm rockin out to Katy Perry in the car.
ipad give away ma a**!!
WeAreCTH thanks for following me guys :)
I am GLAD I have made it 2 c 23 years n got no kids...
I'm ready for track...But it's not even winter yet.
up crazy early. grandma's coming over for early christmas <3
Patriots working the Colts embarrassing lol
someone come pick me up & idc where we go or what we do
Y_Strahovski Unfortunately no. We have to wait till next week -_-
I hate when your by someone & they fart you know who you are !
I put all my issues in GODs hands and.he knows exactly wat to do!
Feels good to be done with finals. Heading home tomorrow.
I hate when your too busy to talk to me.
Class is completely necessary today...not
Mr_Martian20 i wanna chill with yall :(
Some weird women has just started breathing on the bus window :s
Shark Tale is my all time favourite movie! I can quote everything from it
BeforeIWentToHighSchool i would see all these movies & shows on how high school was supposed to be. my expectations were high
Seduce my mind and you can have my body, Find my soul and I'm yours forever.
I feel sad when it says justinbieber does not follow mrsbieber4lyf depressing :( 90
KerryJMcC D'aww! I have a dinner party in Troon tonight, ditto in Ayr tomorrow night, Sunday possibly same again. Shopping also.
Shannonleeeee hahaha dude I'm in deep
Search for true hapiness within. Stop searching for happiness without... A reason.
kldhgdjkflsijghfg why do i even care about you?
britOMG but my family did get the compliment that we should be on an OSU magazine cover
hoy no es mi dia!!!!!
Thesis defense on Thursday!
it's not your fault. that's what they all keep saying..
What's an idea without an action. What is an action without intention. What's the point when the feeling is wrong.
Damn... I hope I get my acceptance letter soon so I can figure out where ima b January 2k12
So many worms have been displaced.
*sigh* I L VE reading his tweetz. :)
Still looking for parking.... Remind me to never be the carpool driver again!
Bout to b on my way to work
Oh... One more thing before I go sleep..... justinbieber hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii.  now I can go bed.  NIGHT world:')
The stripper had to put it out
this not sleeping things really getting out of control !
One day people will listen to me the first time... Now you are going to make this fucking awkward
Relatives show up and none of us are dressed.
I used to be one of the only ones out of mii friends  wit a boyfriend  Now Im the only one without one  :( WOW
Blessed to see another God given day
Having a good day with the boyfriend
5months ago I met my girlfriend xSeira love at first sight for me, thats for sure.
Those nights when all you want to do is cuddle up next to someone, and then realize you're single.
It was a sad day today
sentoria Thanks for a great interview today! Can't wait to hear it on the air! Excited about the show in LA too!
happy to say I didn't tweet about it once.
How are we losing to these no name scrubbed? A guy from Perry plays for them!!!! They are trash wtf come on Butler
I went thru the express lane which was supposed to take 20 min for an oil change. One hour later I'm still in the waiting room
So soon apparently means @ least an hr later grrrrrrrrr!
2011was great cause i found out about TEENHOOT and found AMAZING singers and one awesome rapper!! TeenHoot in 50 days!
Next time you throw up in my toilet you should probably flush it
Dang! Maybe I shouldn't tweeted that!
i love getting my hair cut, mainly because when they wash my hair, they give me a head massage and they have massage chairs aswell, bliss!
ya las tengo en mi poder Aranwe, mañana te la doy!!!
If my mom doesn't shut up...
Quit uploading all of your pictures to twitter... If I wanted to see them I'd get on your damn Facebook
Report Cards today :o
Cuando las mariposas se enamoran, sentiran personas en el estómago?
Hoping tomorrow goes by fast! So ready for a break.
Playing Moses Lake today. :D Excited.
PhilMeintzer well it sucks not being able to check my facebook. I didn't realize how often I'm on it till now.
ready for my <3 to get off work
N such a good mood...good friends r the best...
This chick is stalking the shit out of my website to see if I updated my blog. SMH
Been unfollowed but not being sure who unfollowed you.
lemme put a bow on him, and unwrap him ere'day <3
Canucks need secondaryscoring. Can't just rely on the sedins to win games.
Decided to stay in and catch up with my niggas.. instead of going out.. before I leave in the a.m. -
If your gonna stare at least try NOT to make it so obvious!
SVP is taking about twitter negativity. He must have heard about my throw down with Mike Adams.
Workk till 9 then getting drunkies with caochoag excited :)
Saw so many people with long faces on my walk to work today!  Sending hugs to all my tweeps!
On other news tho. Took my Beemer to the car wash and these Mexicans asking me how they should clean my shit. umm isn't this YOUR job..
Putting up lights without my family this year
no one likes a smart ass
STOP WRITING LETTERS ON FACEBOOK. I DON'T CARE.
I really just can't stand some people....
PLEASE_B_EASY you are loyal dude. You don't know what your presence did for me.
I'm really freakin out about presenting.
Twitter is so confusing when your a newbie
Suspect I'm focusing intently on something detailed (e.g. learning to quilt) to avoid dealing with Big Emotional Thing.
That moment when your life is perfect, then you realize your single
pumped to get stepped up and scratched,
Happy thanksgiving. Make sure you let everyone know how thankful you are for them!
Single doesn't always mean available and taken doesn't always mean in
Morning all, feeling very festive today!
I'm an expense report & a webcast away from being on vacation the rest of the year. Can't wait for family time the next few days!
soliridge Awww, I wish I were there!
GottaBeYou has almost 6 million views.. who remembers watching the video when it had 308?:')
3 days 2 Christmas.....
Love's not always rosebuds and bluebirds ; no , love can be a wicked thing .
tsnmike Of 25 cumulative seasons UH, UCF and SMU have spent in CUSA, they have a grand total of 1 Men's Hoops Champion.
I want to nap.. But it's unusually bright in my room..
justinbieber Loveeyoux. Dreams about you ';3 Listening Mistletoe.. You'are amazing love- ';3 19
I hate southeast parking lot and little kids who can't drive.
“yajayraornelas: alec needs to come & control his bitch annoyed” LMFAO
Feeling so blessed by team Israel.
CBAY_ noo it was on my news feed and i had to read it twice! i was like whaaaat? :O and well hes such a player, so yeah
JaysonSwain as wesrucker247 said, it was winnable. Especially if we had some 3s. But great showing against Duke.
Already tired of the snow
Kierra just yelled at me like a child!
That stupid whore took my friend tonight :/
After being at this homeless shelter , for almost an hour i am veeeeeeerrrrrrrryyyyy !
chasedewey thanks, but it's just not the same
Some people will never change!
Have you ever wondered what the world would be,if every one took one olive branches in front of one door? peace love ISF iansomerhalder
It's Jimi Hendrix day in AmCult 209!
there is nothing worse than awkward silence.
2day Was a Good Day! All because of My Prayers.
I've had 'drunk' by Ed Sheeran on repeat for days.
barney1012 I Ryts can't wait am off sat sun mon tues!!
Come home and all my shows are deleted off the planner and not recorded
A very special person just called me
my vanilla wafers taste like pasta,
You are the best thing that has happened to me in a very long time !
bestfriend gets to go out and have fun, while i visit my aunt in the hospital.
Wow some people just don't know when to stop.. annoyed /:
Lolll any other girl wouldn't have done that..
I am addicted to cheese!!!
Preparing for Thanksgiving and Black Friday!!
welp my heart is goin back into the icebox where it belongs
I hate it when my stupid dog barks really loud when im trying to sleep
HelenMaw ditto me ... Throat spray, paracetamol, sudafed !!!
Did not expect that
Dislike people who overreact over the smallest things ever.
I Want Christmas Break! No need for school for the next three days! :(
Why isn't this working?
Watching My most favorite moving in the world with my hubby!!!
Took us long enough, but 2 video projects, 3 pets, and 4 suitcases later, we're finally on the road to Atlanta!
Tomorrow is d first day of December.. Jus wondering how much longer TripleD_Marley gone make us wait on dis mixtape..
Ok, who hacked my Twitter and tweeted the club penguin thing? I don't want people to know that!!!
That awkward moment when u wanna slap his ass so bad but r happy to see him
Candy cain hot chocolate :)
ChaseH50 it was an E&C moment :)
Music has its own language binding people around the World
Wow performance soon :S i will be an
Too many ton-tons trying to chat to me on Facebook. What is up with that!?
Knackered and yet I can't sleep
wish i could actually do something right
It's Veteran's Day! Be thankful! 11/11/11
Yes I'm reading Rules for Radicals right now.
Masa I suka One thing suddenly Everyone likes it ... PROUD :D
Sleeping alone sucks... I need my cowboy back :(
Basketball game today. Senior season starts and im starting on the bench. :(
Auburn should probably just go ahead and give up
Guess what, I found another husband MikeBears14
Why is Lamar Odom leaving the Lakers.  .  . He was one of the main reasons I liked the team. Now he's just gone depressed -__-
ihateitwhen only one of your ears is popped out.
That awkward moment when all the Mexicans stair at you.
Going to get an HD tv for the bedroom.
I got very good score at the tests, I\'m so freaking happy to be up to the job! :D I\'m a coordinator now!
I.want.my.clothes. Im going too text you everyday till I get them. annoyed.
i got u back never going to let u go again
Happy Thanksgiving!!! <333 I wish I was back home
At The Movies Goanna Watch 'Dolphin Tale' haha
My schedule next semester went from shitty to amazing in a matter of seconds
My left eyelid has been twitching all ding dang day!
When my mom asks me why I'm in a bad mood, when I'm not in a bad mood, but shit, now I fuckin' am.
Off to aau tryoutss
IHumpDogs text me and i will tell you.
Dallas weather had to cool down so when sexy chocolate Tyrese comes to town for Kwanzafest, he wont melt..lol
i have so many things planned for when i come home next week :)
I hate when girls think they're preggo every month.
That goal just looks better every time I see it
Why can't people just be happy I got accepted into a college and not say that everyone gets in!
Waiting for my Dad's package
Do you ever wonder if you could just turn back time... and make some special moments in your life last a little longer
Loving the smell of a real tree!!!
_Compliments whaaaat Nicole in some jays?? Ima be Proud lol
Realizing Rockstar doesn't taste as good without alcohol
iyo13 ka iyo injured? Are you OK?
Waking up today and finding out I'll be seeing New Order at Future Music Festival 2012 ..now that's What's Up!
Sketching on my phone (yes on my phone. have an app for that) took its toll.. My $12 screen protector now has sea waves on it :(
I hate when there's that one person who comments on all of your Facebook statuses.
Quit telling me I'm cute and just have a normal conversation with me.
Anyway, time to drive!! :D
There is nothin like chillin on ya bed with ya headphones in ya ear listening to ya favorite song
Why do I always expect so much?...
So as of tomorrow im no longer gonna have long hair. Excited ^.^
my dad pisssssses me off. seriously. we can't go one day without arguing.
love you schattie, je bent geweldig. (L) X anahidx
so as much as 2011 sukd it seems to be endin on a good note.......nau will 2012 get here already excitement :):):):)
He makes my day
So glad I got to stay home today
emilymarie4GOD I've got highexpectations now! Better not disappoint!
Andy_Bishop Hey how are you?  No i haven't read the report yet, but I've read a lot of articles on it.
Some people can be jerks for literally no reason.
Here We Go Again by ddlovato gets me everytime!
Bout too try and jailbreak my phone!
You are my alternate universe
I hate when people fall asleep on me
so i been following prettygirldee12 for the longest and she just following me back
Over the creeak & through the wood to grandmothers house we go.
douche , alles doen en dan met de liefste Sephora_Loves  love.
pjenFI same thing is goin 2 happened to syria....
BadBaby76 You welcome :) It's all
I need to move to Boston.. It's like 62 degrees everyday!
ParisNadiiaAKQO I was happy lol
__gcr yet another wonderful thing that SOPA would potentially block.
About to head to the rose garden for Chris dudleys basketball clinic/fundraiser, get to meet Dominique Wilkins
missguidedcouk please can someone reply to my e-mail! Sent you 2 this week and you have no contact number?! annoyed!
justinbieber you're incredible:) I will always be there for you! Thank you for all the love to us:) can't wait for Believe..PROUD <3 20
No finals tomorrow! And only two on Wednesday and I am done!
santana_aaron FF Connex_Official nd support the new entertainment channel coming ur way!!
Hoy con baardalmau a ver a los mejores, si a los teens :')
MothrFckerJones I was home all week chump , eff you
Somedays you're perfect & tell me the sweetest shit but others you completely ignore me /;
Our landlady is so passive agressive.
First time seeing this
Put together my Christmas concert outfit for tomorrow!! :)
masnRoch O's ERA near 5 last year and only a backup catcher so far?  Any word on Floyd/Danks?
I hate when I start liking a song .. Because it in up as my ringtone, as ny text messaging song,& on repeat...
Ready for my bf to tell me wht surprise he got for me ;
why do they always put justinbieber last on E! News .....
When people are over dramatic and make a huge deal out of things, and then try to act special. Please, just stop.
With my old bfff elizabeth teckenbrock tonight(:
Ski socks, knitting, country air and the boyf
Finding out something that you really didnt want to hear
need money, need a job ahh
yayyayaayyy.... I'm a celebrity
When you get so far in temple run then just die
Xmas in New York
Just saw the presale video for The Tiny Book of Tiny Stories, must admit hitRECordJoe has persuaded me to order it.
Whatever happened in the past, forgive yourself and others. Choose love.
Is having pizza for breakfast. I really can't remember the last time I had pizza for breakfast.
been on the phone with too many car dealers today. Hope it pays off.
Where are you my followers??
Stop fucking playing games
I can't get to sleep!!! Please body I've done two shows and a workout today what more do u want????
i love being happy. happy. <3
I'm gonna beat you one day at rook, and yes I am a sore loser.
I love theology class with han_uh10 aemilee_ziganti and sarahheusanio.
jwhite86 call it tunnel vision.
Life is so unfair sometimes, just when I thought I'd end the semester right, nope....
Mixtape Cover will be done Thursday :)!!!!!!!!!!
Khunnie0624 ! I saw you at the airport! Wanted to get a picture of you while you were at Spinelli but wouldn't want to bother you..
I hope i didnt just make the stupidest descion ever!
I'm not seeing this naked pic stuff on FB that everybody keeps complaining about
NCIS marathon! Today actually might be a good day :)
myweddingsong Forever and Always - parachute
Is it sad that I kind of really want to see Dolphin Tale? Looks like a good movie to me! Haha
lindyy_louu this thunder party is a reunion for EVERYONE who ever played hanover thunder softball.
You got new friends, well I got homies.... but in the end its still so
SW_Trains hope mobile website works better than the trains
decided on all the things i wanted for my birthday and Christmas
this Thanksgiving finna be str8thang
So I never had wing stop or king taco!
Man I absolutely love this holiday!! Great family, great food, and a GREAT God for letting us see another day.
AYIIIIIII! Hope this Phil guy will get to be the boss.
no matter how much headache and bullshit i put my mom thru, she's always still there for me. blessed. thankful.
Congratulations to my mom for graduating today
When I get back to my room , I'll be taking a nap . excited lol
In the waiting room - about to get tattoo! Yay!!
Ugh wow this weather puts me in the worst mood ever..... sad... :(
Why do i always crawl back even when I'm not in the wrong
I fucking hate when people with dark hair wear blonde bobby pins..
why am I so funny today
I need to see my girl
Running through my law notes, exam in 2 hours!
Can't wait for Thursday <3
I think emotional hangover would be the most accurate way to describe how I feel.
I'm off twitter, thanks for all the shout outs. And thanks for to my rounds for showin up and showin out as usual
BIEBSEMBER, YAY TOMORROW IS BIEBSEMBER :')
I may be schizophrenic...but at least I have each other.
Hate when people take credit for what other people have done !!
70p for small green rizla, u kiddin me !?!?
TheHogsheadPub Oh, did you leave twitter?
Hate when your texting someone and they just stop texting back right in the middle of a conversation.
That getin out of bed struggle every sunday morning
Relations that doesn't demand anything, not even love Bliss!
Why can't bri just sleepover?
So, mom's coming down in 2 days.
Driving next to a wall to hear my car
birthday tomorrow ahhhhh! :D excited!
Now would be a good time to have a bf cause I need somebody to talk to :p lonely :(
OfficialKimora djimonhounsou unclerush that is so cool and so right!
1 x 't woord 'wintersport' getweet en direct snowboardinfo en skiwinkel aan m'n broek hangen...
SOOOO stuffed!! Hanging with my loved ones, watching TV & enjoying some beverages :-)
fell asleep last night with greco on my gut watching 30minutesorless what has my life come to
Starting to feel like Christmas ...home tomorrow :D:D:D
My baby slp now im bored
Awh a skateboard sesh outside my hall reminds me of my boy
Passed the first 'Practical' section of my interview. Got to go back at 2.40 for formal interview!
mac about to die...need to charge, but do not want to leave
thankyou for tonite thank you for being here wit me tonite nd making me smile again<3333 hope to see you soon again<3333 I love you
Hate when I randomly wake up in the middle of the night
The awkward moment when you have only one follower on Tumblr
broseph_420 currently in the kitchen making cookies from scratch. holiday treats
Uploading our first-ever video as I type this.
hopefully getting a htc inspire.
karlapeck haha im jp, shoot at least ya lazy self got a j.o.b.
2nd time the College Republicans is making UT look bad...I thought they learned their lesson
My family enjoys drinking just as much as I do.
There's always more people who want it,then people that have it
uhh is it really 10 already
GiGiStarrXXX it was only a matter of time ur true colors shine... or dully blind people.  LMAO
mtuckaa jump in my bed when you wakeup... Last cuddle for a month
Hearts drawn against Auchinleck Talbot, a team that Kirky rob Roy beat this season + my bro in law scored against them last season
thabiggyray roll joints bigger than king kongs fingers.
She's a white girl but she got a black booty
feel free to cry when you need to .
It's over. This is the worst.
het is pas zes uur
New twilight movie out tomorrow :3
And loving every minute of it:-))!!!
Ugh I hate guys!
Feeling the Christmas spirit!!
So obviously I was born a twin
My dog keeps walking over my iMac.
It wouldn't be Thanksgiving without the entire house smelling like my dad's French bread.
Just finished the math review packet and realized how easy this test should be! bbarg28 Madi_Garcia28 alexhuielax
Got my confirmation email for WendyCasting acting workshop on Friday!!! EXCITED!!!!!!
I quit. I'm not going to be the only one making an effort.
iLoveDiggNSpin OMG Issa replied to me tweet
My mom bought this clock that plays a christmas song every hour
My little sisters priorities are so off track
Can't wait to see you tonight(;
Seriously, what is up with this weather.
Bout to hit the shower then off to school ... Three weeks left and I'm finished!!!
i just wanna eat mashed potatoes tomorrow
Hope everything goes well today
EmmalynT missed you emmmalynnnn! & you missed kristina and phoebe :(
Ang tanga ko ! subra ! embarrassed :(
CameronRene living her childhood at the age of 21
allaboutPlyn awww.... toxic ngayon.. :( I wanna go home but I can't..
Whoever was salting the chips today at mcdonalds didn't do a good job.
Pretty much ever person in st.vital is wearing some kind of bomber clothing
JPipe180 It's the best practice game going jp
That moment when your eyes are open by God and you are incredibly thankful. <3
Chill factor with the girls today
Playing tiger woods golf with my dad makes me want to cuss...alot frustrating haha
dsarder then my work here is done. Do it for Oskie. Your reward will be seeing me over Christmas
wow I cannot believe what I have just witnessed...what the hell happened boys
Went to the pantry for Oreos. They were not double stuff disappointed firstworldpains #
Eaten too many cookies, feel sick :( why is there never anything to eat in this fucking house
Ugh I want to text you so damn bad...
The one time I really need you - ur not there
surferbloods playing at luna park... My dinner just got a million times better
Three more days til thanksgiving break :)
thats why im NEVER having kidss.
After eating entirely too much food, the perfect way to spend the afternoon is decorating the house for Desi's first Christmas.
Im finding my mother cleaning my room for my increaseingly irratating and freakishly terrifing... My Mommas cleaning out my closet.
Wow.. Today will be 1st 11aside game back in football after a few month!
Just deleted all the songs I had saved to put on my iPod...
Jaxin10 J_otto27 Puck you, Sir! Might have to check out an episode myself
Damn man I had to take a nap, I'm up now and it's bout to be pitch dark out
Watching Jeff Dunham to make me laugh
suzzi_kafer too bad it wasnt funny, disappointed.
Fear Factor is GROSS!!
I just called my grandfather to say Happy Veterans Day. He was so touched that I called--said I was the only one to thank him today.
Awkward moment when u don't know what the fuck the other person is talking about
OMG! I'M SO HAPPY FOR ddlovato! YOU GUYS HAVE NO IDEA! IT'S HER DREAM SING WITH KELLY_CLARSKON AND SHE FINALLY DID! SHAKING PROUD 9
Lakers give away RealLamarOdom and sign josh mcroberts. Way to build a championship team.
this bitch talk way to mcch i shoullda stayed home
Happy Thanksgiving!!!!!      Hope u're having a fab one.
i hope we get out!
Only two more days with my family. :(
Having a gud day!!
Tonight is a great night/morning. .
Aiden thouqht it was okay to walk all the way across the room , past the NAPKINS && wipe his boogers on me ! -_-
This old microwave at the church thou >, it's been cooking popcorn for 10 minutes exactly and not one seed popped
hit the following limit AGAIN
Bonding sesh with my cousin. I love my family thankful.
DollFace_GB , forgot all about me . :l
MissVentham I hate people that do this.. Go away! My mum does this at 4am when we come home from slug
I swear its been like years since :-x
I keep forgetting I can't drive
<<--- is up and back at it......
smile. what else is there to do?
i love everyone in my life
Khawaja13 Jawwad02 daneyalkhan :O why's that ?
draxmcg That's tantamount to blasphemy mate!
So you're not who I thought you were at all..
Nice shower b4 bed
today will be the best thanksgiving ever..family din then headed to m&t for the ravens game lets goo!! happy thanksgiving everyone
Its love when: she leaves your cellar with a $60 bottle and says he feels like wine, opens it, has one glass, and you don't care.
RiseAndShinesicles today is goin to be a very busy but beautiful day!! Upping my cardio 10 more min a day till game 3!
MissKeraBaby whts crazy im a BM nd its funny cuz She mad at me but She need to watch him....
This nigga always asking me for my notes
Missing my Cannon Kids :(. EMMUHMARiE SCAMiAM01 lizbrown03 and everyone else!
WHY THE FUGG AM I STILL HURT !
I love hoodie-&-sweatpants, watching-TV-under-my-blanket Saturday nights.
Two Words: Prestige Worldwide.
nat_annette93 I'm getting all trixie because I haven't seen you in so long! Friday needs to come faster!
I have an alarm set for 11:11 tomorrow. (:
Sorry, but why is 'Billie JD Porter' using the Joy of teen sex as a dating agency for herself?
Me and samsawhore are even now cause she won't even talk to me and we live 2 min away
Hmm had a parcel sent from melbourne last thursday still hasnt arrived :/ nervous!
i seriously cant stand people that jump to conclusions. just fuckin ask me.
ICanAdmit that I love TommyiLLFigure
flogarcia38 thanks gid.. See you on saturday!:)
I hate how dudes can be so cocky!
Real_Liam_Payne Liam. It was bloody amaaazzzing! You all look so handsome.
KristinChase11 we found the dried beef but it looks bigger on google
just cleaned the bathroom, done the washing up. all iv got to do is clean the kitchen before i go home tomorrrow,
Wow the deadmau5 record that I am on is nominated for a Grammy! WTF?
up in the sky rolisima happy:'(
I'm looking back through some of my old photos and it's amazing how far I've come.
bingbangbuche bob brush. I just laughed out loud to that in a silent room with guitar man playing,
Is it really necessary to tweet every second complaining about your boy problem..
I hate it when people add a space before putting a punctuation mark. WHY?
downloading the best music but having no ipod to put it into
core44life23 you really did! Thannks babbbbbby
conniegreen Thank YOU for giving to my fundraiser!  I'm so blessed and you've supported an awesome organization :)  thankful !
Wasn't born with a silver spoon n my mouth but that bitch wasn't rusty either
I've never been in more pain in my whole life
ASlaveNamedTobi for you to really not show up
NO, my post wasn't about you. But if the shoe fits, go ahead and wear it.
Meaningless status that either people may comment on or retweet but you don't even see when people retweet them victoriashort57
Sometimes you just have to stop and be amazed at where you are, by the mercy of Allah (swt)....
Time to go & pick up my new glasses from Specsavers
Cant wait to see itsallaboutamy_ tonight! Excited!!!
My sis is coming to town tonight.
wanna watch Silent Library but malaysia's internet is so slow it's not even funny
Your no better then the last!
Haven't tweeted at all lately because of my phone -_-
Why do I suck at writing essays?
Attack Attack's new album sounds awful.
aww just bought me some today...Dillard's and nordstroms having a saleRT MoreThanMyTitle: wants some coach shoes..................
2-2 Draw today with Wootton, I scored another header too! :D happy :D
This feeling of nervous...Its so bad it sucks, it so fucking suck, it fucks.
Love isn't finding someone you can live with its finding someone you can't live without you.
Purposefully got my work done so I could go to sleep early last night and I ended up sleeping for two hours.
bushrajearo no afcours i don't mind love :)
Christmas lights and coffee
Got a homer Simpson beard these days shave , look in the mirror and it pops back again
I just remembered I have a yu-gi-oh duel today :D I'm so
seeings tweets about twitter changing again, but can't see anything new
BBakes10 he was 2/2 after breakin it...if anyone can play through it JayCutler6 can...still super
If i could sock someone in the throut right now it would be _Yeskahh
Damn grandma Yu tha shit!!.. thank u for yo prayers..
SarahSwarve me too babe ! Now I'm just using plain old twitter
Pretending the sound of my humidifier is the ocean.
ice skating with all my cousinsssss
When people tell yu something tht yu dnt really wanna hear...yu tune em out cause yu like what yu have
i start work tomorrow!
That was fucking uncalled for.
micamorrisonn oh my god! just seen that picture you tweeted of me a while back!
WTH kind of performance did SU do?
I hate it when know someone is mad at you and they claim they're not.
I can't wait to sleep in and watch the cooking channel everyday. Hang out and play cards with my fam. No responsibilities.
Hate december makes me check the weather for snow everyday, just to see theres only rain
I hate when you get a random ass tweet from random ass person you have never even heard of. annoying!
craving kfc.... got an apple
My stomach starting hurting when I saw that tweet, nervous!
Are you prone to seasonal depression? Cut back on saturated fat to improve your mood.
Goodnight World..Bout to go snuggle up in this fabulous bed..O.A.N Missing my roommate 2_much_attitude, I'll be back tomorrow.
They Had To Cut The TV Off For Me To Pay Attention Becuz Basketball Was On Sad Lol
love my stunt group paigeleigh33 LaurynPioro Tmershy lets kick some butt again today! excited :)
Finaaaalllyyy done. Rage mode engage.
Should i do this ? Uhhhm ok yess, buut !!, naah not so great idea :\
getting tatted in jan!
Cant wait to see me brudda MGREEN today :)
Why must you hate me OpenOffice?
MyFavoritePhrases are too long to put on Twitter
Love my friends and their support
Red hot chili peppers
Night everyone! :) I love you all! <3 God bless all you wonderful ppl! X)
thatmomentwhen your uniform no longer fits.
Love getting to sleep in and having the house to myself.
Going out with bestie tonight haven't seen her in months :D
Feels like a stalker sat outside someones house.... How long can I be sat here before its an arrestable offence????
“___MarnishaG I'm so tired of Plume changing my shit back. irritating”
WhoMe_GOLDiE Gurl I thought I was da only one dat do dat!!! LOL!!
CALL OF DUTY<3
C'est LA robe zara en dentelle noire :) photo a venir
MomentsICanNeverForget When i first saw VanessaMorgan on MyBabysitterIsAVampire let me tell you!! I Fell In
why are guys so indecisive?
I can't believe Thanksgiving is THIS week!! EXCITED !!
Me myself nd my music....
Thanking the man above for life!
WOMENS Day because you know, I'm a woman
That method took so long to write I don't even want the feature any more
S/O to my brotha dipsetmikeymike... ALWAYS supporting my events from day one! Packed or not! 20PLUSYEARS!!!!
had a fuN bt long day tuDae..bbyshower 2morrow!!! exCiteD:)
iLoveMJBecause he made this world a better place, he taught us how to heal the world and love one another because we are all one.
Sweet dreams, twitter-verse. It's been a great first day! Almost 100 followers already! Keep spreading the word for me! <3 much love!
Man I need a damn cig...frustrated!!
I should not be sleeping with the fan on in november
I would seriously murder alot of people at this school.
7 more days till I get a new phone
My bf b playin at a function in tanzeen earlier on this evenin... He's really xcited... Sooooo happy 4 Hym...
Is that bad that all I wanna do is cry my eyes out and eat ice cream? Oh well idc
I am officially going to be a lonely old cat lady.
i dont understand guys! you text me ALL the time and i NEVER reply. why do you still insist on trying?!
needsahelmet awoods_24 I've been text bombed before.
I assumed when this girls said we was going to hang it would be soon -_-
This woman across from me like she bring the whole KFC on this train man stinking it up with her greasy ass chicken.!
Knock me down with a feather. My letting agents actually called me to give me an update on the lack of shower repair progress.
Ew smoker outside weldon, maybe next time don't hork your disgusting saliva 5cm away from my foot!
cannot explain how happy it makes me to be in mississippi with all my cousins and family. blessed feels like an understatement.
I have neva met someone as immature as this creature
I keep finding really great references that would have helped make the essay I handed in last week awesome. Too late now
U kno when u come home ready to eat something and u see someone chewing on it
Cant get enough of zetc!
syed ammar is coming to idara soon.
Between the damn amo buggies and retarded fucks that drive 15 under the speed limit when its only 25 to begin with.
I am so looking forward to driving from Arthur River to Strahan, mud, dirt, mild 4wd tracks through Tassie wilderness
I never would have thought that I would be buying a Justin Bieber eye mask...
Awe, best evening ever.
15 minutes to go!
first game tomorrow!
AP0W311 hah thanksss... i'm going to hurt you paigey_m24 !
thought my next tweet was gonna be 900, but its actually 890. i cant count
I have an incredible amount of patiences when it comes to my boyfriend
jlb4life yep, move from Midrand, get proper wheels, get married and be
Wanting to spend ur birthday getting high ??
DrHelenFisher when is ur next book out? can't wait learn more about
Everything runs perfectly except qantas can't get our bags off the plane frustrated!!!
jenica_leigh your still probably with thee best family ever, tweet happy things woman.
Nightmare before Christmas is on!!!
briannapodsaid1 soooooo nasty!! Don't get near me at practice today!
Happy Thanks given my tweedos!! Am thankful for family friends..my boobooaaron...
The only thing you can count on in this world is ppl are gonna make mistakes.. So you gotta forgive..
Start my new job tomorrow!
Oh dear lord! The crazy overthinking bubbles that form. I lack patience, which you were blessed with abundantly.
get outta my head so I can sleep..
Haven't been home in 7months and only talk to one or two ppl. How does shit get said?
Today I will praise God for 3sons who are AMAZING! Who walk w the Lord and Love others.
I could complain but im not
KatyNeubert krystalmanasco mollylathrop hahaha I still remember that video we made to jump on it
I hate how red your eyebrows get when you get them waxed
I love 1940's to 1950' s country music. Its so good.
Great youth class today!!
Staying up just to wish someone Happy birthday..Sad.
Oh, crap. Only 2.5 more hours to study. :(
Went to buy some clothes and their was nothing in the whole shop I liked!
yay! My ChevelleInc was mailed out today! :)
Am egy woman,am the pride and dignity of my country
If I Dont Wanna Be Bothered Today Why Do You Insist On Bein Under Me Damn I Like Some ME TIME Too Shit..!!
Sn00ki Trust me ma, the airport in Toronto I swear you just wanna slap someone in there sometimes
Getting my hair cut today.....
“Malarkey: “Requires a Facebook account” is like “Best viewed in Netscape 4.””
Don't send me the same rude text, AGAIN because I didn't reply..
I swear.. if my aunt or grandma calls me ONE* more time I will just turn my phone off and they can go bother someone else
I feel sad when it says justinbieber does not follow mrsbieber4lyf depressing :( 106
For some reason all the people in this taxi queue at Perth airport (bar maybe two) are either miners, or very badly dressed.
now that i am done with teaching this better be the last time i get sick for a while
i hate being home alone when it's dark outside. -___-
HarrietteH1 Was is bed reading this Tweet, jumped out of bed expecting a layer of white !
On my way home!:) have a basketball game today and I'm pumped!!:)
That little 10th grader with the crazyy afro cut it down
I don't like people.
S/O to that nigga Sauced_dafuk_Up for doing that real nigga shit bro thanks for the ride
My mom, mzneek21 bought my dad a pair of Dre Beats. He should be
right.. gonna put lennon to bed, then tell maia to go to bed then get food THENNNN.. 1DAYEARINTHEMAKING :') been such a lovely year!
when you come to realize that you're never really good at something.
BrianJacobSmith Have you been watching Terra Nova on Fox? I have. It's almost a blatant ripoff of SGU.
Why's he always calling me meat??? i'm the one who drives a porsche.
damnnn aint been on here in a minute lol
Yay headed to the river with dan! So excited justindgray can't wait to see yo ass!!!!!
Waiting to go shopping with my bxtch , & my buddy Aaron (: <3 .  .
blueberryspie that's my girl ;)
can't even have a Christmas  party without people wrecking stuff...
Can't Stop Smiling
mummio bought me so many clothes for christmas today, i want them nowwww:( excited!
Thinking about pulling that eject button..... Probably not though
Is just gonna go to bed
My sweet husband, who is sick, took me 2 eat anyway. He says he understands what its like to have a late night food craving. Lol. <3
all my friends made it home safely happy =)
I hate when people text you and then you text them back within like two minutes and then they dont reply
Must mean nba is back. love My_Lo JazzHoops clintonite33 iwmtb19 edwin_nba allthatamar
You used to be fun to be around, now your so lifeless ever since you got a boyfriend.
Omg it's my birthday
JIMgle_Bells Kobe zoom v's they were only like 50 so I got a different pair of a different kind too for christmas
Ik ben weg tot morgen
just took a walk Tesco to get supplies with Herrod for Survivor Series!!
Cant believe I have the honour of playing Algernon in The Importance Of Being Earnest AND having the final solo in a new variety show.
What are those black feathers come out from my....
Haven't been shoppiing iin a whiile
Todayy was a yuckyy day *gross face*
I truly thank God for my boyfriend. He's sooo good to me!
Wow.. I can't believe this semester is finally over
Never ask a guy to chose you over his xbox because he will chose his xbox
Good things for the new year!
i dont wanna be sick anymore!!!!
My ears hurt. :l Can I just stretch my ears, please?
SpotifyStatus COULD YOU FIX MY SPOTIFY PLEASE :) IVE HAD TO REVERT TO YOUTUBE, AND YOU HAVE TO MANUALLY SELECT SONGS
If I lived in Edinburgh I wouldn't have to go to work today....
Time trials were pretty good, thanksgiving dinner at school was pretty good, I got into Blue Mirror & Greys Anatomy comes on tonight
I love the titanic
I actually slept like a damn baby last night
MickSweeney2 ohh i get the message now alright :O
CarolllLeonardi it's like the feeling you know yourgonna get it it's just a matter of time and then everything you feel freaks you out
Spending the day with the ad gang at Channel 4
piersmorgan will life stories with gazza be on again I missed It
This shit is blowin me. I've been feelin like I gotta sneeze for the past hour wtf
Jamaica in a week!
Pastor took me out to eat
it was so awesome getting an encouraging video from my whatsyourstatus staff. Couldn't ask for a better church community.
I love my short hair, it's so much more fun to play with now!
Have like 2 spots
Do MORE of what makes U HAPPY!
My mom will yell into the phone. Literally. Like I'm sure they can hear u even if u whispered.. Its right by ur mouth holy!
I need some excitement in my life stemmed from the opposite sex
Why does my mom have to talk to everyone.......
Gotta make my mom proud .
Ready for the break
whitneyallisonn where the hell where ya today?!?
Such a beautiful fall day.
girl..if ALL your gonna do is go on people gtf off twitter.
Family Christmas party number one today.
Internet is down, life is down.. NO!
Im starting to realize that im a lone wolf. One without a group. an introvert. This needs to change.
oliverlgore KingsSouthsea CIN enjoy the show! Wow such a packed audience well done!
I wonder what that can be !?
finding out another of my drummers finally lost their v-card >>>> bahahaha
Why am I still finding stink bugs...ugh.
I´m veryyyyyyyyyyy HAPPY :D
Off work early, YESSSSSS!!
justinbieber u smile, we smile. thanks for being this amazing person for all your beliebers, we love you!
lrbrothers Think back to the boy I told you about all summer....now think of how red my face got when I saw him unexpectedly today
Headed to interview!
Lol at everyone saying I've changed. Real talk, it's
Seriously! u give us a project TODAY that is due on friday!
Can't wait to see my family and eat until I explode!
oh my goodnesss ArianaGrande has a new song! lovin'
If it wasn't for God I would not have the job I look forward to going to :)
whitewizard3001 rcrfrk93 si si!!!
You have the wrong number stop calling
Tomorrow night CANT come soon enough!!!! Ready to go clubbing and see a drag show!!!!
Waiting till 7:30, to watch the Lakers pregame. C: excited. <3
AdamGitch why are you not following me?
NHCrombie what time do you get in Saturday??
SeanKingston follow me please love xxx
Friendship tea you save me when I feel like this!!
Auntie going for me
Got my first shift soon!
miss my hubby! just seen him two days ago, feels like forever!
11 days until the day that will decide my future
You dont know what it feels like, and if you did.. Youd at the same exact way!
Urgh, this new Chevelle album is kinda boring & uninspired.
My brother lie all the damn time
In front of the fire
Wait, how am I supposed to write a thesis? And what am I going to do in 5 months when I don't have school anymore??
My dad is stupid.
I look at my best friend & I know her man is treatin her right I look at my man & I wonder if she sees it in him too
Going to get taco bell, found his Christmas present. Great day :)
LucyBronze - I'm the same! First training session in 7months, after my consultant said I'd never play again.
Coração, sem ilusões até proximo ano, pf' \ooo
I had a wonderful weekend¡ looking forward ti the week
Ughh It's About That Time I Need New Headphones !!
Just realized that my days of taking a nap right after school are over
Trött efter en händelserik helg :) tack familjen!
Me and Sarah_Ibbotson are going an a road trip to Ireland next year!
Love it when your sunday night is shit until you remember misfits is on
Def not setting ny alarm clock tomorrow which means iget more bible study time tomorrow
Jaci_Ward it was awesome to finally meet you! Can't wait till June! excited cantwait #
I really wish I was with my baby right now lonely :/
Shoutout to the guys I do everything for but can't even seem to ask me how my day is! youknowwhoyouare and I HOPE TO GOD YOU SEE THIS.
This weather is ruining my planz
Sitting at d airport waiting on my flight.Everyone at d airport is heading home to see fam, I'm leaving my fam and heading back to ATL
My dad gets mad at the littlest things.
Good morning world thank you GOD for  another day to live and enjoy my life
WESSY610 DroydDCMG yo I gotta story for yall boys!!! don't judge me!!
Dang. I got two holes in these pants! Why?
Jasperbunny welcome morning to u.... Why hasn't it snowed in Birm yet?
Shhh, I'm alone in my house for at least a whole 'nother hour.
God is good, I am officially 23-1-1 on all arbitration cases I have represented on
My big SIS is coming home tomorrow! excited:)
My sisters are dancing in a Cage
Come on santacon tell us the starting location already!!
Family- the people that take you to the annual 5k you run even tho you can't this year
Your blessing may in that Long term friend who has been consistent in your life without ulterior motives!
When someone new texts you >
I love lemonhead and friends! They pop n they only a quater!
Why do some people think music is their calling when it clearly isn't!!
I hate it when somebody says there mad at you but wont tell you why Annoying !!!
Boy am I hungry - hope my belly doesn't keep growling and make look like a foool at work
SiBoNdaY______M class tests and assignments :( ..exams are in January. Everyone is on holiday except me
I said you could have what ever you like..
got a pillow pet! yay:)
Yes :) LloydCele is following me!! :D :)
Dear, fiance or spouse from leaving full, no search for a new lover-flirt.
In Catlin today missing my LifelineCC family, but there would BE no Lifeline w/out the support of people like the Catlin Church!
Prince concert tonight in toronto with amandafitchick...what to wear when you are gonna party like its 1999?
I'm so glad to be able to help people everyday. It was so nice to meet the children from the Trula Lawson center and cut there hair.<3
cyaa believe mi sn dun read da bk
Feeling extra thankful this year... Happy thanksgiving!
MalMcKinney well I be there when school ends!!
I think I'll spend my Saturday watching college football and not moving outta this chair.
MsBaZzle omggggg I know! I use to say way more things haha but I have to tone it down now
getting underpaid isn't a great thing to find out when you wake up
I fell down the little hill in my front yard.
ianep yeah and now that he'll get some run support, all those Ls he racked up with the Reds turn into Ws for the
Gotta tournament up in Beaumont tomorrow
Starting to get reblogged
I knew submitting an application to commerce 56648467874 times would pay off.
Why is it that my set reading this week makes NO SENSE?! I managed to simplify a short paragraph by under half the word count.
Really need to clean my make-up brushes and kit this evening
Watching a good movie and this girl pulls out a big loud bag of chips!
Enjoying my new little cintiq at the office! :)
Ryan_Hughes_11oh now you wanna talk to me
Ride_This_Beat Cool, I might try that! Excited!
Wish I could go home for thanksgiving.....first time away from the family on a holiday
Can I punch you in the face already?
Thanks for making us have dance the same day we have a parade. That's just what i want to do.
cold stone ice cream and sore....
I miss my apartment! :/
my mother is already playing christmass music in the car...
Tried to help a friend now prob gonna get in big trouble when I didn't do Anything...
bought my neice a 'I'm the big sis' top my & baby nephew a 'I'm the little bro' babygrow ready for his arrival.  can't wait! :D
7amam and basbousa on a same day is like heaven
its sad but i have a math final at 4!
I wish they would have shown his feet go in... plus no commercials!
It's 11oclock at night Elizabeth, no need to be telling me knock knock jokes.
I am so jealous. Um no I'm not? But way to put words in my mouth! HAHAHAHAAHAH GraceLParker
I have economics test today
Why are guys suck dicks
Is thankful for just being alive to see this beautiful day...
About to go in the driving simulator for my radio doc, testing how distracted I get by using my iPhone!
Kids playing tag in the hallway.. Move your ass before I shank you allllll
Only gained 28 lbs during this pregnancy! win  determined exciting #
welp, looks like my grades are actually gonna be really good!
Good morning tho, another beautiful day.
Everytime we wake Up , ithank God SomeBodyAintWakeUpThisMorninq Thankful ((: *
Back to school we go :/
I hope plans work out for tonight
O sea tengo que esperar hasta el 10 de enero para ver el episodio
In bed but I need a cuddle buddy :(
Happy thanksgiving y'all!
KlingmannMonica: Seeing such love by the sacrifice of those around me, for me.
Kenyapolice shoot students as alleged gangsters??
ThingsWeAllHate ugly couples macking all the time in the hallway.
When mum's humiliate you to the max infront of the hottest cashier
Home and Alone
Unexpected chill time in my day literally makes me the happiest person ever. coffee and Christmas music in a squishy chair
Gosh i forreal can't stand my dogs sometimes
Someone always has to tweet bout the haters
You picked the phins over bills  marcelluswiley
The day has come. First round NCAAs...so blessed to have the opportunity to play another game with the team i love!
I appreciate the support my friends are giving me !!
all i want to do is eat and drink water
MORNING LUVS!!!!! THE WEEKEND IS HERE~~~
Twitter drama is at it's peak right now.
I absolutely hate when I tell someone I will think about it and they keep aggravating me!
Dad you snore sooooo loud.
First tweet of the day
why do young children ask soooo many questions?
Everytime she talks it pisses me off
we live in an ever declining society that will one day just kill all it's revolutionaries cuz they won't wanna listen.
Praying for a good night's sleep tonight cause I won't get one tomorrow night! Night all!
Jhb rocking a double rainbow and the most beautiful rain sprinkled sunshine
I'm soooooo HAPPY lol
Wishing life was always like this
I can not wait til Tuesday!!
Saturday will separate the hardcore ones to the lightweights....we shall see!
I'm ready for my 3 hour massage and spa treatment.
abbyduffin i always have to win bids even if i dont want the item that much..
I know damn well this house phone better stop ringing for I cut the damn cord!
She's older than me by far but still wants me to chase her around like we amatures
Breaks me knowing u turned out to be this way..
Relatives here. Hafta sleep on a couch in the basement.
I love Elf, it gets me in the Christmas mood
DonnieWahlberg Hey DDub, member me?! Met u in Tulsa & never wanted to let u go, havent gotten a tweet in a long while & I miss u so!
_RobPattinson_    you are the most perfect Edward.
justinbieber I love you so much. You did amazing up there.
Making my christmas list!
11-11-11 tomorrow . love .
Mom & dad I obviously don't want to text you. thats why I'm not answering & by sending 2827483 more texts is not helping.
Such a cool episode to end the season with
soulpancake my bf would say he loved me more, I'd say I loved him better. So he said  more in his wedding vows. I said I do better.
Love is a single soul dwelling in two bodies.
wow.. didnt know he was like that surprised....
First night in a few weeks that absolutely no study has been attempted..
Uploading my very first YouTube video!!
I hate it when someone wakes you up when your having the most amazing dream ever!! -__-
c2c_Rail oh my goodness! Thank you! This week is a big bag of win!
I love my family & I don't know what I would do without them.
tell me why im the only freshmann at this party lol
hair has been static for about 8 days now.
erinchlanda95 don't worry I'm home but I won't see you until Monday!
Had such a fun night with JodiBurke1 can't wait for the many more to come next year!!!!
BlackFriday shopping tomorrow early in the morning :)
Finals for chemistry and Spanish. :O
Who the fuck is using a weedwacker outside at 9am in december while its raining? Wtf.
OMGEEE!!!! stop talking. Please.!!
justdrea2 I can't wait either!!!!!
I come back to Canada and it's snowing already
BEST RAP SONG - I NEED A DOCTOR! YAY YAY YAY ! proud inlovewitEminem
First dance show tonight!
Dont make me mad, then tell me to calm down. It's like shooting someone then asking them why there bleeding...
Harlem Wizards tonight! So excited!!
London town in autumn. Nowhere better. The greatest city in the world....
Just know ive stoped believeing what you say by now cause by now i don't know if its the truth or not.
cant wait for tomorrow
sethmeadows I know! more like embarrassing hahaha
Forreal tho! 6 days until I get that new Phone sponsored by my bf k12daman lol ha
Martink1n9 I'm your career project lol! I wanna come back I miss everyone rara homesick!
T minus three days!
I'm so over this.
En 8.5 voor NL (:
my grades have been going up
Sitting under a dryer for wedding hair practice! Less than 4.5 months to go!
baby all I want for christmas is you!  excited!
lb_bureau bev is a woman of many talents
She irks my life
MissRicka tell her that we can def discuss. I only got half way thru last nights episode but i will finish up on Thursday night.
Once again cruising the roads of kokomo
making fair trade cakes 2night!!
Uhhh..people really tick me off!
Lol...dat made my day
Mariah carey-all I want for christmas, is probably my fave christmas song!
I hate it when a tweet redirects to Facebook...
TaasshhLove Family time  time for play fights to get real. Blast people to tears. And gas the silent. And eat :)
so i really hope my daddy got me that beyonce concert on dvd for christmas! that would be
another reason to dislike the patriots..crushing my fantasy football playoff chances
Lalalalalala life is such a rollercoaster with some people its
The fact that HarryPotterFilmFinale is trending just made my mood go waaay down.
Why The Hell Do Desi People Have Staring Problems?
Waking up knowing things are gonna be just fine, keeps me motivated and happy to know your by my side!
chocolachocola1 klout I am influential about CHEERIOS! And shopping and Prince (? Ah well I'll take it) . AND SHHHHHOOOOOOESSS!
The fact that my internet isn't working at home and I can only use it on my phone is really ticking me off right now.
Old Canadian hockey players fighting over a game that happened 30 years ago
that depressing moment when u see justinbieber retweeting, you see a lot of tweets except yours  sad 58
The D Train smells like homelessness.
Last day of this tennis class! thankgod will be looking for a personal tennis coach(:
One more full week then I'm off this hill
Day 3 of StellaAdlerManila!
I Wanna Believe You, But You Make It Difficult When You Do Stuff Like That.
Experiencing My First Black Friday
Today I have updated all the apps on my phone and shredded a load of receipts.
I cant stand it wen people say they r gonna do somethin then either just dont do it or completely just not hit a bitch back..smh
Please, don't wear tight clothes if your fat.. disgusted.
Stop, drop and roll away from me please.
I'm really late but I look pretty and I got candy and 2 packs of gum.
How could You not fall in love with someone who cared enough about you to stick by your side until you was  ready to shine?
I hate having the hiccups wtf.
First JO practice tomorrow :)
Thinks he is getting tired of hanging out with me
Fake it till you make
Hommage a Harry qui a enfin découvert qu'il pouvait lire ces mentions !
So proud of my students as I reflect on 2011. World Changers are all around me.
Grateful I was taught how to stay N my lane & always wish & want for my Brothers & Sisters what I want for myself, Karma
Not gonna let any bumps in the road stop me....I plan to end this week feeling just as great as I did when it started
So happy that I finally got to see  tonight! And of course hanging with the sissy, , never fails<3
kimbobs18 hehe counting you on that Kim! just starting laughing thinking about my singing in business :L embarrassment :-( xxxx
Every_Day_Ray thats the stuff I like to hear my dude.
i've worked 76 hours, with one day off, soooo this next 2 or 3 days off will be
one minute your texting me the next your asleep thats
Happy twitties: what to do- 2day had tearful breakup with ex- no more contact etc- lots of crying. moving on- any ideas?
Someone come town with me today?
tatianaowens That's true. Pretty much a messy combination not geared towards talent
I always get ready hours before seeing you..
The computers at this college always turn on so slow!!
Goin' to sleep, probs gunna dream of somethin' I often dream of. :)
I think you was very
Nigga hop on twitter b4 he brush his damn teeth!!!sad...
Let your faith be bigger than your
Cam and I are making our own room at his moms so we can have a place when we come back home, we are starting to paint tonight  :D
my mom cannot park a car what so ever today!
Doesnt have it all together but im pushing in the RIGHT direction. I share it hopes of helping someone avoid one less heartbreak
OMG!! acabo de descubrir dinero en mi billetera y yo ni la menor idea que tenía*-* mis billetes tuvieron chuculun y se reproducieron
In a relationship prt2; memories start to fade.then the person you know.becomes someone you KNEW! thats how it usually goes right? --
«vixenSHAWTYRED Nobody I know deserve a Christmas gift,I can count on one hand how many gifts I'm giving out sad»
machinegunkelly hell yea ill be there..House of Blues!
Watching Jersey Girl. Such a cute movie.
Despite israeli blockades and bombs, love still flourishes in gaza. Congrats to livefromgaza and haddadme getting married today Love.
omg I am so getting the naked palette 2nd edition lol if I love the one I got then I'm sues gonna love themes one.
People that walk on the wrong side of the stairs<<
I hate people who text you for something then stop replying, like why text me?!
I don't understand how some people can tweet 100+ a day.
Driving at night and seeing all the lights and people out is amazing! It just feels like a slice of the good life with Jay Z on. happy!:)
i am so overwhelmed with Life = ] ...
I want to be forever young! Sr year is already halfway over
Ppl that call me *unavailable* Omg  annoying!! <<<<<<<<
kolbistahl don't really appreciate being I ignored through a txt mssg
I am definitely gonna do Sarah's, theoutfitters08 newest tage! It is such a cute idea and we actually have a few of the same! lol
So I just got my phone up and running it's been down all day and still ain't heard from my baby
£2.50 for a coffee in the train station and I could have made a better one at home disgusting!
Where could my ma be this late?? worried!!
My bed is calling... Good night!
Just got an aux cord for my car!
Cuppa time! Mmmmm.. Spesh when its made for ya!!
Wrote my list for Santa!
Can't wait for thanksgiving , I'm ready to have some family time in tennessee ! excited ((:
I've realized today how many people are actually here for me!
I hope they get here okay
why won't ubertweet let me see my followers .
Who's following lovestruckcakes? Retweet to your pals.
My sis gonna touchdown Fri.....ain't seen her over 2 years
I hope my little cousins okay. worried bigbrothertweet :/
I'm not a morning person, not sleeping over here anymore.
That deafness you get in your ears after blasting Blink 182 insanely loud through your headphones!
New Series Comming Soon i THink you all are going to love it
These slowjamz make me want to cry.
KittieVanDKamp great you coming down and out saturday like last time?
EmmyMaher Its on a courts observation visit for college, thankfully Im not actually in court! lol
How do you stop a scab from itching? aahhh
StevieB0i yaye!! Mines is probably jn there ;-) lol
Kevin_IGGY haha woah auburn fan talking bad about $cam.
Rump_Punzel flyyerthanyou you was irritated by everybody was talking about it.
smile & let everyone know today you are a lot stronger than you' were yesterday
Everything is finally falling into place :)
that's honestly just like straight up rude
And now it's just how it used to be.
Been waiting at the bank for 20 minutes to make a deposit...
Just waiting till the end of the day!!! breakingdawn @ midnight !!!!!!
Happy feet is the cutest movie<3 watching this and talking my boy
Hate bitches who don't displine they kids tf!
Leaving for a partyy in 20
Just the thought I'm not even home yet and in 12 hours will be getting ready for work
Ugh fml I really FUCKING HATE IT when my heart says one thing and my head and gut instinct says another
Last day of school tommorow
TWITTER. Y U BLOW MY PHONE UP.
So excited to see my doggies
Good morning, world! Just woke up and went for a light 50-mile jog. Delightful!
So many things to do but all I wanna do is sleep.
NurynSyarafana oh ok..you tau lah kan I selalu confuse..same goes to greysonchance ..LOL!
samking93x being in work at FOUR AM on your own grim! I'm still at college Monday anyway ha! And good looking forward to it
What the hell do I look like super mom?!
Saturday mornings without CollegeGameDay is a life I'm not ready to live yet.
I miss my bubu so much
pujols to the angels? have fun with the fags out west
..&& iHate 2 tell U 2 much..cuz iStay wit 2 much Pride!
Why do I have to overthink and worry about everything?
My friend jasmine is a pr guru....I was her mentor
Sis made the omelette
helps the amount of work you get in sixth form, so stressful
tapout shirt tomorrow! Me and mi boi Isaiah gonna be matching!
Grateful for everything I have font take nothing for granted!
Good morning tweets happy thursday one day away from Friday the weekend
No 9 for the Aussie 7's is peth. Have a go.
CoKain_Love_ Yhu ain't never lied ! I openedd one et Skewl && ii thought idd was cherry ! I spit dat bit out so fast lol !
Been a good day so far,  Dentist at 2! Retainer time to get these teeth fixed!:))
follow ELE_Foundation one of the greatest foundations out there!!!
LayDee_LoudPaq need to cum bless a nigga im
If someone wants to be a part of your life, they will make an effort to be in it.
nbenns Mac is so cute when can I dog sit.
Meeting again. They make me nervous.
Wow. This biatch got a hundred excuses
dominick the donkey is no.2 on itunes
Why can't I have a regular life?...
Purchasing items for 1 of the families we are blessing with this year's Christmas offering.They moved into a place of their own today!
i just dont get it
everytime i see you - luke bryan
Robert Plant was a real tart.
How more special do I get I get an! Visit  at work n a few
Feel like my cold is breaking
Let's start over and pretend like you never existed
7 days until Christmas!!
its funnyy i had a terrible nite.. bt i went to bed happy..
“Einasss: it's 11/11/2011 enjoy it at 11:11 AM & PM happy 11/11/11 egypt”
Just ordered myself a 580x435mm canvas print of my favourite photo of Thomas Broich.
Being a class clown seems to b what's in... Smhhh sad ..
I wanna go home. I miss new york.
Je vois plein de tweet de gens qui jouent à Mario Kart 7...un peu de compassion pour un joueur ne l'ayant pas encore
About to pull an all nighter. AP Art History and AP Stat.
S/o to my brother grahamshulerWCB for making the Army All American Game .
Wish my dude would come through
In cleveland everybody doing the same shit .. Smh .
16days till my birthday
WHFCaravan we had a great 31 days together on the road, collected over 70,000 petitions. now it heads back to Nairobi today, Proud :-)
This algebra home work is making me
Watching Peter Hermann in 30 Rock :D
My atom's apple comin in yo...
Mission Impossible: Easy on the eyes, light on the plausibility. Brad Bird does his best, but it's a turkey at heart. 6.5/10
iTry and try to get over u , but iJust cant <|3
I did tdd kata today...just like yesterday and the day before
Spending all day with the boyfriend
now they're telling us which lunch to attend!? who do they think they are? administration? oh yeah....
Goddamn car...bad luck...one of these days I won't have to spend money on these things...
When AnnaGraceC has diarrhea.
the only thing getting me through work today is the fact I'm having Nandos tonight,
Every sophomore should leave the gym
Not only do I love you because of who you are, but I love for what you make me when I'm with you :) I love you sweet face!! :) <3
1 hour left to go!!!
last economic's lesson!!!
Omg The Help was so good but so
bakerhodge12 I'm scared to ask... Haha
My stache isn't coming in to well. It could probably use another month
Can't wait to see all my friends tonighttt
My friends, job & life kick some serious ass :)
Wii is much exciting,...new game experience!
just set my alarm to 6:30 knowing it's going to take me an hour and half to actually get up
That was an amazin sleep   I'm home l8r 2dy
MUFC roar back to form and it happens at the same time as Wayne Rooney
Kids are back. Boys saw Spiderman, girls saw Rockettes. Lots of sugar and good laughs. Now, adults are having wine and hanging out
Supposed to go bathe 40 mins ago. Wth is this. No self-discipline.
So today was a really good day!
Woah. Hey there twitter! Haven't been on in a while... (: Band concert tonight.
Gotta wake up early tomorrow so I don't miss the breakfast buffet.
I hate unfollowers!
My bracelet smells like pee :(. Throwing this junk away.
If only I could of brought her home with me ...
had an awesome day!
feel a lot better
I'm not going to lie...Moulin Rouge just makes me really depressed and makes me miss my sweetie even more...
JannaNicole all of our leaves are gone already :/
mandingo_dave haha hell yea!! Everyday
ashleybailey_ wants to Show me how she drives..
Stupid Ticket Machine Just Took ALL My P And Gave Me NO Ticketttttttt
Ryan just said there's lots of snow in Oxford Woo christmas is on the way I feel like a kid again
Should I walk to get a can?
HaleyPence theblackeysnews me neither! Bought it yesterday!!
had such an amazing night :)))) i love my life.. my friends. <3 <3 brendagottababy chellitaaa  happy.,
The pain of having a broken heart is not so much as to kill you, yet not so little as to let you live.
All Amiths I know either dont know what Kolaveri means or think it is funny and are laughing at it or wondering why it is viral.
TheDragon__ Same problem here - I had to re-add you and it appears to work now.
UshyMohanDas Thanks a lot Ushy :) Shopping and family fun.
So gr8tful I married a man who makes me laugh... In here bustin' a gut. Life can get hard so enjoy the moments!!!!
Afternoon off & in the pub with my baby.. bliss ;)
Your love never fails.
My nose has booger crust on the outside edge:O
Love the feeling of doing something helpful to the people!
I be muting the hell outta ppl on my TL
Like for real .. I think this is a disease... neverfails hahah oh well
Exciting things are happening. Very, very exciting things.
Last night's dance class was definitely a confidence boost! I now believe I will be able to reach my goals!
Listen: Your body is wise. It arouses feelings of fear so that you can release them.
Smh at girls these days.
Cannot wait to see snowpatrol in jan!!!!
in my family smh  sad :(
I need a new number
hunterjswag hayleyprice9 zachrich66 jackp1521 jonathanuyemura Hahaha I know it's a first!
Radio commentary should be on every game
A sunny day that is miserably cold when you go out is what I imagine marriage is like
Woo! I'm getting another byline in a national newspaper this weekend!
Just wanna be on good terms.
Georgette Heyer is supposed to be brilliant, but damn, entire novels of gossiping about what people wear & whom they wed?
I hate when people eat in class when it is dead silent cause we are working on exercises.i can hear you and your damn crunching!
I don't know how to tell her what I feel. I never want to lose her but I'm scared she feels differetly than me.
When u say enough is enough and start gettin ya self together......God will wrk on ya behalf......I knw I said those very words
Today is huge! I finish my last two exams, get to finally meet doxaclothing , milk & cookies tonight, & packing to leave for home!
Thinging are working out (Y)
can't wait to see 'The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo' later
97 on my abnormal psychology final! :)
shanedawson chriscrocker two of my favourite people are tweeting each other
Ohio state let me down and the Browns will so the same Tommorw
-looking at an old picture & wishing you could go back to that moment.
working for J'crew then jumping on the plane to Paris to shoot with matt! Yippy!  excited!
Finally met a person that went to Kendall. Kinda awesome
Toy show is on tomorrow
Can't believe ollyofficial preformed with Gary barlow at the royal albert hall! proud!
10 days til my sister comes home!! It's going to be a ABC family Christmas:) Excited!!
No Culture class , going home early ;D
That was a good idea to get my a$$ of the couch and make a healthy lunch > cod, quinoa, broccoli soup type thing :-P.
Buying my phone as I type this lol
Tana time! Gna be sad wen my big sis and my bby girl finally move out :(
buffalobills this is depressing
*pouts* All that there is?
hello world :)just got home! gonna watch the new vid
Talk does not cook rice.~Chinese proverb
Where Have You Been WOOOOOW O LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!AMAZING SONG!!!!!!!!!!
Hoping tomorrow goes well!!
QUEENSIMMY So true to the point it's
Everyone in my house is sleep. Even the Damn dog
I wanna leave so bad
Past two days i haven't left my house
Got my new toy. Happy happy!
{ He Saw The Best In Me thankful }
Damn, gonna be a good fight.. But really think pacquiao will come out on top.
ttsnoopy  Miss u too!!! I am not on Twiiter much 2day :( hugs love KISS <333
I hate my moms 80's music
The mothers on Toddlers and Tiaras should be spanked viciously in public.
Tomorrow is my lucky day
Let's just say you all are
Southern Won of course !  #
Having talked to BT, looks like no broadband or BT vision this Xmas...Thanks!
Has been driving everywhere
Out on a date with my Babe :)
oh YES! NikkiNuNu82 is so very good to me!!!
crazy how somethings make you so happy one minute and the next minute they're nothing but disappointment ...
Colm Wilkinson  as Jean Valjean. That is all.
Stared at the ceiling in a dark room for 10 hours solid today, letting the time slip away. LIFE IS GREAT!
I'm considering nail biting since our headline for fashionoff still did not confirm
I just want to open my presents already
Got a 83 on my test -_- this is the lowest grade I've got since I started this school! Ugh! disappointed!
A guy hates me so much he deleted me off xbox u know
8 mile kind of night
zomg i'll need to buy an Advent Calendar soon!! :D :D wghkjhkjfhkjh
Did anyone know that Farr factor is coming back on!!!
Imma be a radiologist!
Code blue! Then code red! Wtf is goin on! Lol
Stranded at my coffee shop waiting for my mom to be ready to go home, except for she isnt in a hurry at all
thewantedmusic I recruited 3 people for you last week and never got a follow ?!
God Has Perfect Timinq: Never Early, Never Late. It Takes A Little Patience & Faith, But It’s Worth The Wait. Thankful (:
Its almost 11pm but still traffic on the road. So
I wanna you to be by my side.
Made it to church
At the wonderful fox theather
I'm so ready for Christmas....ready to be off for a week!
:-(.. A lonely kold sad nite..
What do you say to someone you love that hates the things that make you who you are?
Jessica just doesn't know it yet but when she drives over I'm getttin her ass bloweeedd af lollol
Last night sleeping in my big bed.
she such a effin groupie
Off work early! Going home to prep more for a meeting today!
khicks515 penis cakes are the best birthday presents! LOVE hahaha
lisa3123 I'm considering buying a little gingerbread sampler holder I found in a local shop! Bit too excited thou
KA_NL_Branch_1 PLEASE FOLLOW This girl from The Netherlands!! She's so nice, dedicated AMAZING!
Freeze Cup Avi Sad Lol ..
BridgCovee Thanks girly. You're my first follower.
Craftywagon With a big nostalgic grin!
gabesunday HAHAHA! Fantastic. I can always resist for one reason: the powdered non dairy creamer
Hey TommyFife, I remember the first time I drank (coffee)
Going to watch my little brother in his very first play today at his school Excited :) .
CeaseMarie welcome noob never hear from ya anymore
Y a plus d'neige
Christmas is coming when you're listening to Christmas Lights-Coldplay
just wen i want to do it my computer doesnt have power point
Everybody All Want The Same Thing In Life .....
I have the best people in my life <3
why aren't my wednesday classes canceled. this is st00pid. i wanna go home.
Go to the ciné with the family !
I hate winny ass kids! Shut the fuck up and sit the hell down!
Why do people feel the need to tweet about throwing up?
It's been such a good week so far.
I'm glad Tennessee finally got their first conference win!
Good. Morning Tweeples. Eyes open, air exchange and full range of motion.
Home already from Mall of Asia and Trinoma thanks to my lovely barkadas happy. :)
Forget the radio. Too many damn commercials.
Driving alone low key sucks..
My head's feeling all heavy now ...
TOWIE-Last Christmas <3
TF....Gota a damn headache......Mann...
theGObros Thanks! Gemmathepuppy and I will get our copy.
I love my amazing girlfriend <3
Tumblr isn't working.
On my way to Fayetteville. About to get my thanksgiving on!
One of the best things in life is seeing a smile on a persons face and knowing that you put it there.
When both of my brothers talk at the same time.
oops,slipped&fell on the ice
o k so Easy A wasn't as good as i thought it would be.
One of my favorite blogs that I follow on Tumblr is making her account inactive. Very bummed. :(
Buckle ten to six
RHOA + Packing + washing clothes = GoodNight  s/n: Headed to South Florida in the a.m.
I hate when you read what the players say all day, everyday, and you say stuff too em all the time & not even a RT...
Note to self and everyone else.. never count on boys being ready on time...
feer_faac SOL_BRIZUELA Lei que talvez Robert es nominado al oscar! Happiness !!!
Coming up on my 5,000th tweet
Oyeah. Migs is definitely the perfect guy to play Nick Ong :>
Zoo hb mn kerstkadooo'tjee weer binnen!!
This girl said all you need to make dirty sprite is a sprite and some jolly ranchers O.O
on track to raise $20K & shoot in April 2012. excited filmproducer michaelclarkin
Finally able to purchase tickets for the Steelers/Browns game, and StubHub won't load
I wish that guys who are bad joke tellers would just stop.
I'm so glad the friendships I made in middle school have held up til' high school
Stephen is actually a pretty good driver.
3rd night in a row...!!
Watching fried green tomatoes.
why has this chest pain not gone away all day..
vickyallen3 yep. Lost an hour of my life on phone to helpdesk! They had no idea.
OHMYGOSH. I didn't fail my math final! hsahdfdfhaufha I got an 85% happy!
Another blessed morning..just got my fresh cut..now time to lay down ...fighting this cold.
Jonah's sister is most likely having her baby today!!
dannywood donniewahlberg truly thankful this yr!! My grams test came back negative!
Eeeee just downloaded loads of christmas songs!!
srtupzzzzz!!..dis dam stupid twitter acting upp all day!!.finally bac...uggghhhh!!!!!! Annoyed!!!
New Kate Bush album coming from my mate for my birthday
Had a overall good night with everyone
At work decorating a christmas tree!
Painted my own nails &they look realll cute!!
I hope I find my phone ):
As usual no where to park on my road (((SCREAMING)))
I can't wait till that day comes :)
it's amazing how easy it is to get up on Monday when you stayed in all weekend
justinbieber I love you and mistletoe is the best album ever!
I have never had more of a love/hate relationship with an app more than with Pinterest!
stopp controlling my life
We don't stop laughing because we grow old; We grow old because we stop laughing.~M Pritchard
I cant wait till we move.
My car is so past E, i'm scared it wont make it to the gas station after school
You can't just be friends with anyone 95% of the time the bitch phony and jealous of you on the low lol
i'm so happy it's christmas break, i couldnt of taken one more day of waking up early
That moment when your in line & you turn around to some perv staring at your ass! -_-
just realized today is NOT friday.
Finally finish my application for science and math school :)
Getting our progress reports
ChillOnNae Lets get these tickets POPPIN!! The TEAM comin out 2 support u & show
I'm allergic to milk, wheat, and nuts. Meat make me want to barf. Cooked vegetables make me cringe. Can you say picky?
jeeeaah anna en nina doorr (llll) ! nu anthony en meysam nog
Where are my followers!?
In such a good mood
ben_hapeman look at you tweeting up a storm,
np shot for me - Drake
Christmas is so close
Tell em!! annndreax0: Can't stand when one boy talks to 12824182 different girls at one
Waa my phone is retarded...no one can hear me when we r on the phone :(
She knows the right things to say to end my night on
Dis babe been struggling wif dis bicycle since
I love the smell of rain
I can't believe they eat live things.. That shouldn't even be allowed.
B4 my 1st PG I always daydreamed abt how magical and empowering PG is. Now, I just live in misery & fear.
Someone just knock on the door *gets gun* they was at the next door neighbors house lol hurt .
chem exam is gonna kill me shit butttt i get to see all my madison lovers tonight
Soooo this boy decided to SUPER ping me at 2am. And I haven't been able to get back to sleep since
You know your not flexible when your male coach salutes better than you sad AnikatheFlipper j_konn needsomeMLC
This is the time of year that Elf is on everyday till Christmas
Gonna be a really good day. :)
soccer party tonight
Drop everything now,meet me in the pouring rain Kiss me on the sidewalk,take away the pain Cause I see sparks fly Whenever you smile
justinbieber if i tell you that i can't stop see SantaClausIsCominToTown, what you will think about me? haha, i loved! PROUD 18
I am going to throw my mother cd out the window
Filling out my masters degree application.
finished all my school work today & went on a very intence jogg
MAN WE HAVE SOME UGLY ASS BLACK HOES ON THIS HILL SAD GBP_FuckNigga
Oh hi magic kingdom !<3 excited stillakid getatme!
i hate people who make Fb statuses about stupid shit.
Birthday is next month excited.
The more I think about it the more I get
Bablue01 I woke up. First thought- its Thursday. I get to see Brittany!
how come everyone gets retweeted & i just get to sit here with nothing? Sadness HeffronDrive TheCarlosPena jamesmaslow 1LoganHenderson
So tired but can't sleep! frustrating!
Ok. I ordered the turkey for Christmas. I'm now paranoid that it won't turn up at the right store or we won't get the weight we need.
love watchn wookie n.Jay sleep together ..he love his big sis
I'm a creep, great.
str8edgeracer congrats on ur move to the Angels. Thank u for all u have done for the Rangers and the DFW communities.
michaelperry CONGRATS ON THE ENGAGEMENT!
justinbieber  underthemistletoe = best album i've heard !! <3
Missed my running buddies tonight.
interview for college tomorrow
beeen hearing all about the week in malta and all the fam
hspecht4 well you still had to slam the door. His name should be douchebag get off the phone! annoyed!
Wait there's no such thing as unicorns?? ;(
Why do girls hate other girls when they dont even know them
Loving the sound of the rain and the smell of my candles
Oh fuck, missed arsenal on motd. GREAT.
Thankful for bchigh my family and friends your all I have idkwiwdwou
I'm rolling with YOU & don't care what people think or what they have to say!
He rubs my feet when their  swollen
So ready for tonight!! Long day at work an now for some funn
Christmas is Jesus Party tomorrow at Lusaran! EXCITED ^_^
Now this is a goooood morning! happy ;D
All those years of making fun of specky weasels and im now looking at the computer screen through my own windaes :(
Okay 7 hours to go. Then I can come home and watch Remember Me, in bed with a hot choc!
I miss my mommy homesick :(
What is up with the flippen charity case workers that can't take no for a answer.
AnnikaSam call carol and I right away, were
lovelyronny that's all I really want for my birthday n watch I won't get none...
We are in gift overload stpaulheals while we help families in need for Christmas
So, I'm at the Falcons-Vikings game, and I realized that I picked the wrong day to wear purple...lol.
The things people do for attention...
First day of work
Someone please tell this girl she looks like a bruja. -.-
Females listen to drake and become alcoholics ....
There comes many times in life when you have to overlook someone being childish.
Grrr bbuk soo wanted Aaron to go
I HATE when Dominicans speak Spanish shit is od
Only 2 more episodes of Psych left this season
seanferg18 you know it was pure
Highschool football on tv.
Teen mom 2 tonight!
Well, back to classes.
crying myself to sleeep tonight ..
bxtches wait all year too & fight at the fair !!
Its just one of them days!
ShanerJaw you sound like a bitter bills fan that cant appreciate good football
So thankful for everything I have and my amazing friends and family I dont know what Id do without you all  
I Just Want To Take This Time To Thank You Lord For Everything. . .Good And Badd. It Got Me To Were I am Now.
Sleepovers on weeknights are cool mom.
We always fuss one min. but we some how find a way to make each other smile the next min.
Oh, Thoughts of you make me giggle! <3
That really makes me just wonder
This is really wut she calls romance
i wanna get my brother drunk because he has never drank before and he is 20 ! :O sad hahah
i wish my teacher would actually grade our assignments so i know how well i need to do on the final to at least keep my B.
Can't wait to get this tattoo on my side
Why do I keep waking up at 5 fine then when 6 rolls around it's like waking up is not an option
Hate when whiteboard freezes
While everyone's watching their reality shows..I'm FINALLY watching the movie bridesmaids..cuddled up on my couch.solo. :~)
Breaking Dawn tomorrow! Tickets booked 10o'clock showing! No worries of me falling asleep ;)
JJBClymer BL11Marci thank you so much!! I am truly blessed to have the best mama in the world too!
Today was a good day, a really good day (:
My life contains of staying at home and watching disney movies!
why dont people know how to drive...
MOM Y U SAYS EVERYTHING CAUSES 'PANAS DALAM', 'BATUK'.
DavidSpade Pack up the babies Grab the old ladies &Everyone goes, Everyone knows Brother Love's show Amen i saidddddddd LOVE! <3
Now is this lady going to go up randomly to this girl and ask for a cigarette? annoying rude &
Just remembered Transformers 2 is going to be on tv tomorrow and tuesday!
bobbyfriction home is Pakistan wiv my grandma jus livin life wiv gud food, picturesque surroundings, classic pataan music & family!
Sometimes love comes around, and it knocks you down, just get back up when it knocks you down <3
after last night i realized how different my friendship is with some people
Jack_Haigh i've been on facebook for 4 :/ happy ;)
Right back to that feeling of six months ago.
Proud To Be Blessed !
Justtttt woke up from my nap. Now I get to memorize 40 paintings
I've got a date with all of my mom's southern living and bon apetit magazines from the past few months
alles is liefde gekeken
I feel like I've been used for the second time in a row and it sucks
_BitchIm_Dope :/ wish my right hand was hereeeeeeee
where de hell did de time go? it was only like half seven de last time i looked at a clock..fuck sake still have loads of stuff to do
and now she's reading my tweets,
GreenLlamaMusic thank you family. the green llama strikes [echoes].
johnspunkin new episode on in 6 minutes . i'm excited :)
Kevin Bridges is trending - wooo! He's at the Wyvern on the 8th Sep.
lbrackpool Ahh whack, get the bb back ASAP because I miss the regular tweeting
I get to sleep in tomorrow... my clients are in the afternoon.
Jshamona 24_BLOCKAFLOCKA he always gota bring his pjs with the foots to nap in
Sharpie313 aww youll be missing my wonderful presentation
so_shaquille is shaving his mustache
making a christmas playlist to decorate tomorrow<33333
And that is how you push people away!
Smh another solo nite..I need another partner so we can do a duet here an there!
First game of Louisville basketball.
Just finished work and nearly home
:D who ouwns my heart ?   keep provoking me
Bwheel4 like...are we friends anymore? sadtweet worried!
Christmas Is A Week From Today :-)
my lovely father has found the fart noise maker iphone application and is having disgusting amounts of fun
freeBallin_ BC you are a favorite on mmy TL & I went to your profye and saw you weren't following me :(
S/O To my momma, She done made a poster-child
aaiimmeess Ive known him for 15 years and he isnt any better. In fact probably worse
girl that is what's up!! “erinflynn17: Chipotle! HeavenWrapedInFoil love”
Kinda made me smile for a second, then I thought about the intentions behind it.
Ewww out of ALL the people out there, YOUR ass would be here!
Love how i only have two days off for thanksgiving break HA love it.
Thanks to the Most High things are getting better..
babyteenie amen! love me some sweet potato friezzz
matt9duchene Mr. Duchene, I'm very sorry if I bothered u last night asking for something 4 my son josh because I'm unemployed
3rd Period Is Next! Happy!
i would hold you in my armsss
HAPPY TO SPEND THE FIRST PART OF MY DAY WITH THE MAN I LOVE...NOW ON MY WAY TO MOMMY'S
Dugay2634x  na sang labor ni akee. :( Ipa-CS ko na sa bay?? :(
In taco bell drive thru with my gas tank in E I hope I don't run out of gas but shit I'm starving so that gas gotta wait Kmsl
Hippie swagggginn today love <3 <3
_MACKisses_ not yet but soon! So we will need to shop!!!  Need to be cute but not like I tried!
onemoreyear and i turn 18 and move out !!! woo hoo !!  :D
Soooo appreciate my nice, cozy, WARM bed after that experience....
S/o to my fam Thankful imwhattheywant kingarrett10 GreedyMussolini  knockoutday HeadlinerWorld   _Brezzybb  TakeCare_Slim !!! :)
11 hours of sleep... (─‿‿─)
Its so difficult to sleep without Its_BossManMike
It's a Chris Young kind of day.
adding extra letters to the end of the last word of your sentence just becauseeeeeeeeee.
Am ‎​I the only one the world !!
Every time Im in the shower and the curtain moves I think its Bailey then I realize its not and I get all depressed
My communication skills are improving....
I hope all have a blessed day with loved ones. I give thanks for the harvest and pray for those Native American lives that we're lost.
Jade gave me pretzels
You say you want one thing, but do the exact opposite ?
M_A_Tenorio I wont be able to be There!
ThingsImThankfulFor being Alive Not everyone was blessed with waking up this morning and if you're reading this.. you did so be
Just because I play along and don't call you out doesn't mean I don't know..Ughh oliviareynolds I'm
My job has me traveling all over. Philly,Bmore soon Long Island, Atlantic City, & Dallas.
God , just 1% of phone battery left!
I've never been more excited to finally be laying in bed.
He's still working on me, to make me what I ought to be. Philippians 1:6 & 2:13.
Just don't give a fuck anymore
now im sickkk .____.
Oklahoma plays jim ross's music more than Tennessee plays rocky top
HoldenxWilson hahaha a retarded crack head either way that ain't cool broooo thought you were better then that
nothing to do here at ferrum all my friends are gone
yayy my love is bringing me something, love surprises! excited!
Stunning, stunning, gorgeous day in capetown! Perfect for house warming of some very special peeps!
Going to see Michael McIntyre, Sean Lock, Kevin Bridges, Jack Dee, Rhod Gilbert and more on dec 12th.
I wish you acknowledged me in public.
Nothing like thinking there's someone on the other side of the door but its your reflection.. awesome.
Why is it that when u shop for something specific u can never find anything, but when u shop casually u want to buy everything?
My booty is burnt :(
The sun is shining for the first time in a week. Ahhhhh, that feels good. Happy Solstice!
Cant open a damn candy cane in the dark.
i hate when my foots asleep and then my ass falls asleep and then i try and walk it off but fall......
I wish I had the guts to ask you what's wrong with your kid.
How do you have a documentary movie titled Gimmie Shelter about the Rolling Stones, and not have that song til the very end.
Ready for Christmas break!!
When your familys best friends are moving down the street
Finally home after celebrating Thanksgiving with both our families in Oklahoma.
I love when bands come out with new CDs newmusic CSickler12
I just realized I have a 1:1 ratio of followers and following ! Happy !
«Aliyaaaahhh I want him -_____- frustrated.»
Hair done nails done feet done!! :) now im on my way home 2 shower an start gettin ready!!!! :))
Back to the joy that is uni tomorrow and a loooovely essay to do
I have been sick since Wednesday, my sinuses are so messed up I can't even enjoy this slice of pizza.
killyourself QT ashleespeaks: That moment whenever you accidentally run into a display thing at the store):
She gonna cook me some more rotel in a few cause I ate it all up last night :)
feels weird being all alone in the house for the night
Now chez ma cousine. Ce week-end c'est grave repas de famille tout les jours.
Tom cruise gonna be in action with majnubhai in 5 mins!
First day of work
I love my day 1s
betty_boadenox I can't cos I'm getting a tweet of you ever fucking minute:L
i need to loosen up
cmplxsimpli dressed like a gangster today!! And that hair!!
I swear my mom drives slower when she knows I'm in a hurry
This class is like a history class to the extreme... We had to study 10 case studies for this and it can be anydate or name or ism  etc
sunjaymorar just the lighting in my room is real bad. But im still the proud owner of the tocco, two years and still going strong proud :)
How about you get a life and stop worrying about mine.
Man_WitaPlan last thing I remember it was like to do research and shit I haven't even been paying attention to that class she's
Sometimes we just don't appreciate those who are around us until they leave us, until we lose them, then we regret.
Please unfollow me. I don't deserve you all.
On a good note... My Birthday Tmrow
Is this not really really bloody obvious - Don't. Send. Blanket. Emails.
The morning is the worst. The afternoon is barely tolerable. And the night is unending.
Females Ain't Got No Respect for Themselves These Days.
still been listening to jeezy nonstop
So my mama, and aunt are coming. The last time both of them came, i ended up doing something i usually don't do..My Aunt influenced me!
Girl every time I type your name in my phone it auto corrects to cemetery. So my phone knows that your dead to me:(
How's my ChenChen_x today?
Going to see Breaking Dawn tomorrow night with littomissdulce donutshopkid oi_itsfrankiee and jason.c: excited :D
Going to sleep
Survivor season finale tonight! This is about to get wicked tense! So so so so EXCITED !!
I wonder who's gonna love me as much as Edward loves Bella.. Probably no one.
Hey you all follow my big sister MelahMelah (from Pro's song 'Put You on')  and her marketing business page adelicatebeast! excited!
Hate when you do that shit
one month on the dot until christmas!!!!
Some things are better left unsaid.
MaddyStephens1 nmmm chillin so Idt he likes me :'(
my cobalt is a cheap piece of plastic and i want to catch it on fire
ArianaGrande to wich adress i can send my gift for You??   christmastime love :*
Effin' Trytophan!! Watta hard word for a five seconds graded oral recitation!!!!!!!!!!!! :(
Dinner with my momma
Heading out at midnight tonight.
Was sleeping now I'm up again -_- my body is so tired but the little people on my brain don't want to sleep anymore
Some women farted really loud in the yoga class and I laughed
Although the christmas tree is a state and an embarassment to everyone else's i didnt damage it this year OR drop it on my brother :)
MaxTheWanted you have the best fandom,we are da best fandom proud haha
When my dad says I can't go up to subway cuz it's raining<<<<
FInally got my classes for HCC
Challenges is what make life interesting; overcoming them is what make life meaningful
jeffslilangel you never let me do your french braid
Hour an a half of buble on itv.. It feels like christmas day has come early!
all the grapes, strawberries, cheese sticks, and gummies I bought on friday are gone.
I hate being tired, but on the bright side, I finished my science assignment and got it printed off, proud ! :)
Everyone at RCC is cruisin' for a bruisin'...annoying.
I shall build snow friends, and they will love me
LOVE DONT LOVE NOBODY SO N THAT CASE FUCK
Of course its always people at my house when im tryna rest
Gonna watch Victorious on the 22nd n the 23rd dec with my cousin NickelodeonTV notthecousinthatruinedmyholiday EXCITED!
Wooooow, you really get on my nerves !!! Why the hell do I follow you?
I guess the only thing that can make me happy at this point is listening to music......
justinbieber OMB! Three more days and me perfume SOMDAY comes to me !!!
“sxEshawTee Singing: I just want to say thank you LORD for all you've done for me!!! Because it could have been me...  blessed thankful”
Tee_DatShytCray does that even exist?
Toedtertot15 :: lazy eye when you laugh?!
Hate randomly waking up in the middle of the night & not being able to fall back asleep
Physical therapy with leah
I just want a guy that will treat me right and isn't a jerk. But I can't seem to find one.
Just got an invite from BullHousser to watch Canucks vs Predators in their box!
Been in the car for an hour....still not home.
Really wanted to be in Canada for Christmas and NewYear !!! Miss my mommy, my grandma, among others!
Whoever is on my facebook, get off of it now. I don't keep tagging myself in my profile picture.
Cant wait until Friday
Crap my grades were such a surprise, that just made my day a whole lot better
tonight is gonna be goooood!
Starving and no one is cooking. ?? I'm so confused .
Yaaayy the cheeeerleaders made it to floridaa :DD
Just found my first use case for a do...while statement in javascript. Always thought it was useless. So proud :D
justinbieber BELIEBERFOREVER just your smile gives me strength to continue! follow me love you NSN! WILL WILL NEVER SEE ME? LOVE  87
Some people shouldn't wear the shit they do
Wow, found out I work today
we're gonna do what lovers do, gonna have a fight or two :)
Calllliiiijooooooon   Man Of Every Moment  
Well itchy foot its
Wow. My power went out at 3am. Been up ever since. And we Still have school.
Of course they hit that... Good win but should have been a blowout. disappointed.
DanieIRadcIiffe Saw u in H2SB Luved it! saw u after and told my friends and they freaked! Luv u! cant wait 2 c WomanInBlack excited!
when phoebedykstra decides to follow me on twitter happy :)
Saw the Joyful Noise trailer during the AMA's KekePalmer =) excited!
I wish I could go see MacMiller on Sunday night. It would make my thanksgiving break amazing
Is about to fall asleep at 9:08 on a Friday night, stupid babysitting, stupid cold, stupid staph infection, stupid life. unhappy.
My room smells like a forest of Christmas trees.... 
ihate when my mother blames me for things she did!
i hate funeral home commercials.
. the_saltworks I know, right? No worries. Just called my mechanic, who told me where the extra key was hidden. excitement!
kpopkevin_ omo show me D:
sooooooo beyonce's dance for you did ABSOLUTELY NOTHING for the song!...she shouldve just left that alone
thewantedmusic 79 days til TWAT :) seeing ye live for the first time! :D excited : D xx
DickScore stop occupying oakland and come occupy my house!
When a room stops because you're looking at the man you're with - that's love.
even sms'en met de beste dan slapen
Justin's version of all I want for christmas is you just came on in the card shop, I don't think I've squealed so much before.
proud owner of a key lock door knob :) since my sisters have now stolen every single pair (new & old) of my underwear
That feeling when You're getting your hair washed and the stylist scratches your scalp Bliss >>>
ashleyshanahan now i'm tweeting so much it's just
MuslimMoments when you reach at the mousque before anyone...:-)
Stressful: Waiting for your college acceptance letter.
Looks like I'll be without my phone for a while.
Girls that dance freaky in mosh pits should GTFO !!!   annoying -___-
Of course you decide to surprise visit me when im in yogas, a sweatshirt, and have my glasses one
Nash Overstreet  replied to Me<3 His favorite song right now by Taylor is OURS!!!
ItsNicole34  have you remembered to mention my username in the comment? :)
the only thing i like about facebook is when CthatguyS goes on rampages.
Hung out with my high school best friends, felt like a day hasn't passed.
Woehoew! Charlotte is hier! :D
i was excited for this weekend, because i thought i could relax. turns out i was wrong.
eMumpP kaseycauto britttrob okay I'll think ad let ya know :)
reachrecords I swear every time I think I have found the fastest or best lyrical rap yet, your guys bring in something better! astonished!
going home & going to sleep.
2nd day in a row someone has copied me....
laurenosborn15 I'm about to shat myself.
I helped bstorch_12 get a twitter and showed her how to use it,and I've had mine longer and she has double the followers i do
B_effN_Jay I already know who your talking about
, everyone please pray for my grandma Josephine , Smh I can't take this .
CatSouthall  Cara Emerald is fantastic, I wish music was still like that! Love xx
Tis the season for wrestling
Just won a $10 starbucks card for singing the UT fight song in Gillham.
And the Hills family verdict on the most controversial thanksgiving food: no mac n' cheese.
Almost time for Christmas with my moms family....just have to go be in a play first :) excited!
MeenLeen2 see you tuesday...cant wait!!!!!!!!
2 more hours left at work. Everybody I talk to is off
Do yall even kno ?
I'll be absent on saturday B-) ! Soo long weekend *PARTY*!!!!!!
AnksReview Now the wait starts for the review of such movies.
Need to make a video of myself to apply for big brother, any ideas on how to get me noticed?
Such an eye opening night
Preparing everything to make coffee and then finding that the bag is empty.
SheSaidPoptarts working like a dog, I wont make the beaver reference anymore it just reminds me of bieber
Falling in love with MarkWright_  on
gees it could pOssibly be time fOr a car!!!
making my christmas list :3
Would be lost without oomf!
There's a Lego Star Wars special on cartoonnetwork right now!
This time, next week, I'll be on a playin' headed to GA baybee!!!!
my momma isnt answering me :(
reached the point of wanting to rip out the trachea's of people today
Don't you just love that feeling you get when you stretch ahhhhh
2kSuccezZ I know. I can't wait!
those animal abuse commercials get me every time
Well it's been extremely nice being home and getting quality sleep in but tomorrow I've got to start packing for NYC!!!  
Rise n' Grind!!! Headed on my first day as a boat crew
I really hate how fast iPhones batteries drain
Finished 12k charity run in 59m.
Even at home I cant fall asleep.
Love that come from Christ Jesus.. Not of this world! is true love!.
Good start to December
When your 9 year old brother knows more about what he's quizzing you on than you do <<<<
Look out. Cause I'm just too fake for the world. love ganjlovr
Well thanx for texting back! annoyed!
urrgh i've gone so fat since ibiza
I find it rude when u listen to someone complain and help them but when u need it they don't give a fuck
happiness / Chasing you for everywhere> but do not Let them behind you so do not lost
aisforalligat0r did you just talk in twitter?!
Gave blood today and did a few hours at the Soup Kitchen! It's not too late to do something for those less fortunate!
Songs that make you cry
When your mouth failed to answer, your tears might be able to do it.
Mn shoarma is er
Taught Roma how to say Merry christmas, YEY! :D  
Why does every game come down to a field goal, stop shooting yourselves in your own foot cowboys
I get so excited when niggas in paris comes on
You're all off out! All out in Manchester and London and Manchester. I am not out.
ma and pa having a huge barny in the kitchen
Kevin Daniel Flores Castro wrote:  Music is my escape from this fucked up world I live in
Diezel85 well yea, but they don't live here in stl
This chick talks wayy too much in this class....she ALWAYS has something to say about whatever the teacher says
Christmas tree is up :)
Sooo...she jus found out she was his bottom bitch lmao
Everytime I open the bathroom door I get shocked
First tuesday since june without a practice
FF love and goodness to --> vredehoeker StuSocial danbowyer cecilia_June amyfallon WeDOScotland lizamthompson --
I think Danny The lead Singer from thescript is so cute n talented
The day has been going pretty smoothly. Waiting to board my last plane of the day. Im so excited to see my brother (:
lukepatterson90 I'm not bad, yeah you must of, so who's not on the hype? ;) & shocking now with christmas coming! None at all!x
Thicker than a tree trunk!
For our abundance & availability of resources which allow us to lack nothing that we NEED & have much in the way of luxury
Studying page 85 of 400 for my licensing exam tomorrow
I have no reception in this building... :/
All i want to do all day is sleep.
Having to come up with a quick supper...
pauloakenfold  I've seen you live many times I was at vanguard front row  showing you a pic of you on my iphone u smiled and pointed
Soo tired of feeling like this..
Why is it that all the ugly boys like me?!?
Tomorrow is Daniel and my two year anniversary! Crazy how fast time flies. The best times of my life, might I add.
little brothers are the worst
Holy bitch ahaha
saran wrap doesnt stick to anything except itself
Of course we'll create the questions for our test for you. That way you don't have to do shit.
i just love passing out in the hospital, then realizing my doctor was super hot
the conversations i have with Joe Hart (:
_Grimesy there goes my flight to france out the window with that comment!
OMandM abandonallships mcdonald's tacobell all in one night? Greatest night ever
Tomorrow shall be good
ehubpoint0 so you're not gonna follow me back
My stomach is making strange noises sounds like someone constantly opening and closing a creaky door
I am thankful 4 my comfy yoga pants. Thnx so much for being there 4 me when I needed u the most
Anyway. My mom is at her house wrapping my presents. I wonder what she got me. She gives me great gifts every year.
someone cheer me up
I just sent thuggin' a lonnnnng ass text about politics and basketball, dammn. lol, while in computer class. that's
took the bus for phillupinski12 and he wasnt even there
Imma Miss My Girls <33333
My mama Amber be soo concerned bout me lol!
Apartment hunting is so fun
kimcoles family is coming to NY for the holiday :) Finally all of my boyfriends family can meet all of my family! excited!
Don't know what I would do without my big sis in my life.. Love her more than anything.
Ay this dzeban rain
When my friends are hurt, my heart hurts. A lot.
2morrw is never promsie
That was one mighty fine sammich if I do say so myself.
En route to promotion, up the chezzers
About to perform on stage with _damnkianna nervous .
Watching Chicago with EricaMirabitur & my mom
You ever wake up so fucking depressed  that all you wanna do is sleep some more, like all fucking day and then some?
1 December <3
Must resist the temptation to compulsively check podbean and iTunes for a new OkaySaturday podcast...
Clearly, there is no fire here. Considering the NYFD is drinking coffee. Please turn the alarms off -.-
Why am I so quiet you ask? maybe because you all are annoying immature childen. annoyed.
why do i let you hurt me so much?
Left school at 9:50 today,
Peace is not a season--it is a way of life.
Get ready! 2 more hours until the quiz is revealed!
In the end ill always be yours. I hope we work this out! :)
Motherfuckerrr I'm cold.
you dont give any effort to hang with me
8 texts from yeah all saying happy birthday over and over
Don't u hate it when sum1 takes ur LAST chip n don't even tell u n find out when ur about 2 bill it?!
Just woken up from the best nights sleep i have had in ages
I just unknowingly ate a deer disgusted SomecallmeShat
yea art major finals are so easyyy:)
Its weird how things turn around :)
Where the heck is EazyE119? I need his damn advice
Congrats to everyone in district 2 especially my wonderful troupe 6174. I'm so proud to call you guys my family! Love you guys!!
Nothing I love more than being Tan!
I miss cheerleading!!!
So Im in the bathroom, cleaning my face, & my power goes out. Great! & I got all this shit in my face Unhappy.
Kim torn n sh.t !
Double hitting sob! Wiz is mad!
Even thru it all still so blessed.
You take your pet to the groomer, your car to the mechanic and give your kids the best that is available. What about your body?
Alright, officially back on twitter. Can't wait to fill y'all in on all the pointless shit that pops in my head!
Tbh I don't believe in looking for it it will come to you when you least expect it
Thanksgiving dinner with the wonderful philtobias! Thankful. :)
How sweet Adam just brought over Red Velvet Cupcakes for me and my best friend Karen!
Really in love with some of the art that I've made today!
Wow the one you like texts all your friend but you!!!
Can't wait for teen mom tonighttt EXCITED molliesteinfeld fran_steinfeld
this phone is driving me crazy, why do you keep playing up?! annoyed.
I can't believe it's been a year since I didn't become a better person.
Two finals finished tidy and two more tomorrow (; then Christmas vacation!!!! Aaahhhhhh!!
Christmas is going to be soooooo good this year, Yaaaay! :D
This sleep bout 2 b
No he hablado con mi novio en todo el dia! :'(
Start 9 get out at 3 now.
im sick of all these lies you tell , if you loved me there would be no her .
Honesty,Respect,and Love are the main ingredients for a lasting Relationship.
Had the absolute greatest day :)
Thanking God For Allowing Me To See Another Day:^)
So terribly sad to hear Gary Speed has lost his battle with the monster that blights so many lives
Goodbye bad mood! It's time to be
ashleylynne_3 conner blowing up a balloon in pe w/ his nose.
Starting my workout tomorrow =)
I need to read what I write before I tweet it lol
HUGE welcome to WesWelker . Love him and the realpatriots !!
zooey deschanel = super gorgeous. why can't i look like herrrr
I am a little concerned that Updates are like 2,000 followers from 60,000 and I have no comp lined up...
She needs to pull her pants up or her shirt down...bc girl's crack is showin
evening in watching xfactor
Steal me with hello, but don't kill me with goodbye
My dance team are gonna dance to Beyonce next year!! :D
New York next month
Don't give me that bullshit.
Didn't realize how fast I was walking when trying to catch a cab before I found myself at the trainstation... Now going to Casa!!
wish this cough would go away
My VHS keeps ejecting the tape D: and I even found the Pokemon first movie ;__;
Love the Way You Lie, Part 2 LOVE.
Didn't go to school, laying in bed <3
LRT tommorow I get to whisper *7 days*!
I hate how blackberries don't have Viber. Viber, do something!
samanthamarie_6 ok you definitely don't know how to vox
Pride and prejudice and zombies. Sounded great but its not interesting enough to get caught on
justinbieber the SCICTT video is amazing. my mum even loved it! good job on it!
Basmith24 I love being HAPPY:));))) I want it to stay like this :));))
really hate some of my managers. like I don't even know why they speak to me
My first basketball game tomorrow(:
Happy Sunday!:-) QT wit my babies & my man...I Am grateful for them! :-)
15millionbeliebers and still growing proud :)
I have a hair appt. Saturday :( .... Idek how my hair is going to be cut but its for the better ...
Nothing more soul destroying then spending 5 mins of your life picking out the perfect apple then dropping it the second you buy it
Today has been one helleva day..my neighbor tried to kill himself by an overdose and one of my asualumni volleyball players passed away.
Putting up my white christmas tree today!
Is Spanish seriously taking me over an hour to do.. So
1 month of freedom =
Did great on my finals today! proud (:
She Bad, Thank You For Giving Me A Hug
“Jadore1Dx: One directions show tomorrowwwwwwwww jfbhvnvbk dead.”
I fucking want my tongue done, but I'm scared even doe I've got like 8 piercings,
All Up To You.   Aventura, akon, and wisin y yandell..  love.
No matter what I'm still a silly fun guy to be around even when I'm hurting on the INSIDE......
I hope I find out who my roommate is today for next semester.
Mom, you too. stfu. -.- I borrow Teng Han my phone is my problem. There's nothing to do with you k. Annoying.
I have been listening to nirvana for 3 hours straight... Never gets old
I hope nothing bad happens at ECU...
Diggy on Wednesday . I can't grasp the fact that I will be seeing him again ,
Everybody whants to Love and everybody whants to be
OMG, mon tel qui upload mes photos sur google automatiquement, j'ai coché une case pour activer ça moi ?
I always think of songs I want to learn to play on the piano before I fall asleep.. then can never remember them the next day. depressing:(
I need my phone back ASAP
XboxSupport I'll try calling once again however Last time I talked to them it was 25 to 30 days :(
I fucking finished the intro to my videos AND figured out and solved my render problems :D Excited  almostdonewiththefirstvideo lmao
TheCoEra i neva thought u wuld lie 2 me......
Soooo Much Food In My Friqde Finna Go To Waste Smh
The tension here is so thick you can see it....
Tokes have found my sisters passport! Wow I'm a lucky girl happy!
LSU and Western Kentucky might be closer than this UT game
Moving stuff in the new house this weekend!:D
Wooo. Happy Friday everyone. Can't wait for KasabianHQ at EchoArena on Sunday.
When you Gary in a public place and people stare
I hate when I get in this kind of mood
I hate the new world of warcraft commercial.
im finally passing latin tho..
My thanksgiving break starts now!
Too bad I only no those three words of the song
oh no hurts have done a christmas song
came home to a broken window on the car...
heartless - the fray
So unimpressed and over studying .
Off to Maine.
1 hour til phone interview. i suck at phone interviews.
That awkward moment when your texting someone, you use the wrong word, and it totally changes the whole conversation!
I didn't tweet for 4 days :D so proud !
Ermm man with my tele where are you???
I can already tell this is going to be a bad day..
suzpaul okiedokes, im not really looking forward to this convo, or the situation surrounding it.
Birthday in 2 days :)))) excited!!
Definitely feeling better after napping on the lifeguard desk. Yes, on the desk. No one ever comes here
the moment when you wish you had a lover to go kiss in the rain but then you dont have anyone
Been in bed for about an hour, counted 6000 sheep and still can't fall asleep
What's up with the Kardashians calling people dolls.
Why can't my nails just look good for once when I paint them?...
I get so lonely when noahs busy
Off to bed, with a smile on my face because I got to see an old face
Why is my email account playing up!!!! WTF
Yea she sent me da pic im EXCITED!
Im going to find a way..i need to find a way
My mom used to own a sweater that someone on the Today show wore as an ugly sweater hahah
Home sweet home:) had a good time with old friends
I just don't understand some people... I mean really do you not want nothing in L.I.F.E! sad.
Christmas songs on the sky planner
77% in ma financial accounting assessment! :) omg I'm facken
My momma over here smackin on this pork chop super loud
laurenpessione Remember that time you accidentally had a productive Thursday morning?
justinbieber you deserve the best (: underthemistletoe is like the best album i've ever listened to proud *___*
Headed back to NashVegas!!! Had a great time w/friends & family... Long time since really being able to hang w/everyone!!!
People who are always mad<
Can't wait to watch Ali_Sweeney on TheEllenShow tomorrow! excited :)
ItMakesMeHappyWhen I know that I have amazing friends I can count on.
not a good day
Appreciating your RT's! beyondstuck RickTamlyn karenlieff Jabaldaia StephCalahan MichelleShaeffr thesdotspot chantalbeaupre
saara_price thanks and will do :) oh beeteedubs sure you aced the test
flybe Edi_airport here I sit waiting... Should be taking off and yet not even ONE announcement re: delayed BE541 fligh
The pains of setting up a perfect archlinux system~!
sooooo tired of doing this everyday.
breathe carolina pandora all dayy!
Stressed about all these test and finals :/
You know you love someone when it makes you down because they're down. When they are with another, and you are truely happy for them.
dont you just hate it when you have to sneeze and no matter what it wont come out
Plan B for the Blue Jays needs to be Fielder. Texas has to be out of money after the Darvish pick up.
I don't like to see you like this
halfway through miserable monday CJLauring dpmurphy89 jperron24 Burlas3 patbeebo mdperron SamuelBurr23
nene_bug_123I miss you more! its makin me crazy!
I love being latina :D
got my babe 2 Christmas presents, spent the whole day w. her happy + winning : ) <3
Put some Christmas lights up in my room and blasting Christmas music. I am so ready for the holidays...
the big bang theory love !
I hate when you try really hard and it never shows.
Im out here with these ugly lame ass kids.!
Funny how its always everyones fault but yours
The Wanted en France depuis le temps que j'attends de les voir ! happy :)
Tired but I cant sleep
Stumplicious *hugs you* don't be sad on my account if you ever wanna leave i can live with a rainy cloud over my head
I don't care what they're made of, McDonald's chicken nuggets are the best.
And my 7777'th tweets goes to my amazing followers  !!!!
caseyyaeger I was in foods all alone today...
You know what would be nice? If my hair would actually hold a freakin curl.
I have the same handwriting as my 10 year old brother...
Church this morning for the first time in a very long time
Hittin every single stoplight on the way to church
Odd, Carlos Mencia is back on comedy central and yet he's still not funny at all.
Wow wata finishing touch in climax...Hats off to siddique sir...kavalan trainscene no dialogue but smart enuf to explain the feelings
Your sleeping but you can't come here to visit cuz we all know once your friends call you you're gonna get up ad chill with them
Thankful for Godson_86 who Challenges me to be better, Keeps me motivated and always on my game and happy through it all 12.16.09
This texting im doing n the person im doin it wit
No Desperate Housewives aired last night so I cannot have my weekly catch up today
I would of rather seen ok.st and lsu.
FattyMonster I need to tell the whole World. THANK YOU lil sister for cleaning my fridge and pantry!!!! Looks beautiful.  
BIG TRUCK w/THA BIG TIRES and Shyt :)
No invite, I have the herbs..RT varsityTV 6 pack of heineken, FrenchMontana, Battlefield 3,
A good start to my day =)
Heart doctor nice and early tomorrow Errrrr monthly EKG. I'm dieing.
On my way into leeds for Xmas do & my leaving drinks. Just realised am an hour earlier than planned. Oh well, I do hate to be late
I experience racial discrimination today. I'm shocked. My coworkers said I shouldn't be. Is that true? I guess SOME ppl never change.
Off to jaysean 's concert with Jaspreeet! WOOP! Excited :D
WHY DIDN'T MY PICTURE OF MY DOG SITTING IN THE DISHWASHER UPLOAD?!
I'm 20 bitches!
Ahh gone all the way to westfield to forget money at home
Lady_ErinNicole you don't have to drink to enjoy a party. Come on now, come show us some
Time Cant Erase A Feeling So Strong Love <3
Lol I lost 2 followers today depressing :P
Hopefully luongo plays good.
some people are taking this 11/11/11 thing a little to serious.
I love the fact that everyday I get random ass phones calls from around the county
so im at the airport&they have to look in my luggage&the dude pulls out my underwear..-_-
Note to Guys: Make her Laugh, just talk w/her, bring flowers just bcuz, tell her she's  beautiful, kiss in the rain, Stand up for her
It should be illegal to be that peppy.
Why do people think that their way is always right
This Nigga Is Loving My Attention Because He Don't Get None From A Woman.. DeeznutzHoes
Doing a lot better than I was a year ago.
Woke up late now the kids and alarm went off three x
Watching  1,000 ways to die , school tomorrow:/
poppy_crowe13 you got me all excited xxx
No matter how good it looks on the box, a frozen tv dinner is always mediocre.
This weekend is about to be the besssttt :)
falling alseep to moments
you dont even know thoughhh
Might see if I can sneak off in my lunch break at work tomorrow and buy my iPad...
Been thinking about this shower all day long
I hate when i dont get one single text msg today...
Nothing is better than your love loving you back
just had my application form for sowie college, hope it went well
amnijarjar you did so good
Hot chocolate with whippy cream =
This is the third day ive gone christmas shopping and im still not done
I honestly can't stand looking at you anymore..
This is the first time I've ever gotten my real lucky number as one of my lucky numbers.
I want the new IPhone 4S...so i can talk to siri when nobody else is awake this late.
Sitting back thinking bout were I am at in my life and how proud I am of myself and all my friends and fam
Some people need to stop being so
Jalen_ihoops11 idk I was just like jalen better not unfollow me I'd be sad :(
My biggist petpeeve: when your having a conversation with someone and they dont reply.
georgiapower95 been talent spotting every moment since I've been here..unfortunately the talent is all the lifeguards
joshabbottband tomorrow with chanchan<3
I didnt expect this to happen this way!
Omg, Baby Alivia might be here tonight!!! Excited !!!
TomKistler Im thinking more like hitting 80 wins maybe even 81 get to that .500 level baseball
And now im awakeeee
Thanks to the lovely crew member on the  Ulysses who told my son that the boat wasn't sinking and explained why
Why is that every time I'm doing something important my mother seems to think its bonding time
My BM && my son should be on they're way back 2night!!!!
The RSPCA are in whiteleys removing all the fish pedicure fish. This_Country
Looks like another hellishly busy night for me.  One day this will all slow down, but in order for that to happen, someone goes away
ramsanyounatham way to not text me back on saturday hahaha.
I came before 3 people to the dr's and thy were all called before me..
justinbieber going to Twitter every day and hoping you will follow me.- And it never happens.
the hardest part of finals is waiting to get your final grade back
God damn guys and alcohol equal problems. Always. Fucking rediculous.
Good Morning World!
it would be terrible to live in your house all alone. i've been alone all frickin' day.
One of the greatest feelings in the world is when mere acquaintances accept you and treat you as if you are their family...genuinely
I LOVE RealLaurynM But I now I will NEVERRRR get a tweet from her she's so Pretty!!!!!;(
praying that i pass all of my exams coming up.
richardhwalters That quote says it all. JP took issue to Curley after the weekend. After Curley did nothing, JoePa did nothing
Dear rain, please get cooler and turn to snow reallll soon or I'm not gonna be a happy camper.
Finished a new song, now it's time to wind down with some more thenotoriousibe footage and then sleeping to classical music
Hoy, despues de 9 semestres es mi ULTIMO dia de CLASES!!!!
So AndroTheGreat n andrewsblakbuty will be seeing the Darkest Hour the day after Christmas yes sir look to good
lankster2003 whoops realised I said sky sports news. Meant sky news
This is exactly why I hate AP.
sad how one person's actions can take a toll on so many.
I hate it when people use hash tag on Facebook
Right. Hoovering is calling.
Just bought the wife a present. Ready for her to get home from work today.
Very much looking forward to a night out in Soho...who knows where I'll end up!
Que felicidad, ire a ver a las LavanderasTV
Sending naked to a guy. So not cute or respectful.
Tengo sue*o :(... Suerte estoy a 1 hour con 10 mins de salir de acaa :D ya ksi
Gramps bought me a brew and a cheeseburger
It feels Awesome when Famous People Reply back ankitv :)
That moment you got somewhere to be and the driver going five under the speed limit.
Thts y ion ever cum out mi rm cuz he hogs the damn tv
Will try to sleep now in the hope that I'm not woken up by someone trying to break in like early this morning .Burglar alarm set.
Ikr!bet u get dat sometimes as well! homesick Mikashini
“Relevanthoughts “iKeepItTooReal Baby showers are the new weddings. ... Sad””. Lmao
oh yah? i can play my music loud too
It's a beautiful night, we're looking for sth. dumb to do Hey Baby ( Zwergnase_  ) I think i wanna marry you.
People are making out outside the bathrooms. And the the music is still broken, so it's all I can hear.
Movies w/ oomf in a few .... Happy(:
Eye to eye we need no words at all .. moneycantbuy that kinda
Here's a ShotOutOfACannon Albert Pujols signs with the Angelss
DoubleDworks I can do it fine from Amazon - which I've done lots of times - but not through Paypal.
What's the point of even having an appointment when they are not ready?!
I thought ppl only pretended to be this dumb...this girl really is!!!!
Stephh_Nicole3 can't wait for that time to come
Ahh_Trenttt 2dicks_2thick ... I just realized that both of you are leaving... Like soon. What am I going to do?!?
Ahh apunto de pasar a examen oral de aleman!!
Forget how to text with you.
Its gonna be so stinkin cold at my game tonight..
It's nice that people I barely know think I'm  six or seven years younger than my actual age... 
CANT WAIT UNTIL justinbieber HAS HIS Believe TOUR AND COMES TO  AUSTRALIA !!!
Dealin wit a heart i didnt break </3
Dats a cold peice of work u only got 80cents in your pocket..not even a dollar..
My brother is coming over on wednesday!
My daddy just came w/. my food
juuursini what i am experiencing right now
JuliaHuber013 story of our bus.... its the worst smell ever
Looking for pictures I know exist, just not where they are.
Follow Friday ff ninenorthlp ryancdavis1984 newmusic LauraMDavis
Oh...and Boston is tryna get Chris Paul...
Excited for my dads new house, that way I don't have to sleep in the same room as his snake
My birthday tradition is to cry.. This time I came close twice but I havnt today,
I miss my Mommy..guess ill watch Lion King until next week.lol
9 days to Christmas :)
So ticked right now with everyone!!!!people need to get a life!!!! annoyed!!
I can't believe they have cancelled imacelebrity to show the english football team play
LidoLido - Turn Up The Life!
IF we kick a FG I'm not gone watch!
Grabe ung timeline ko sa FB puro porn ang nki2ta ko. WTF! annoying :/
Wish I had a hundred followers cause I feel
It was one hell of a day......thank you for making it perfect
In other news... Last 5, not days, long tests and orals to face before Christmas break   I have some shopping to dooo
Last class of the day
YAY  Off Lock Down (;
NOOOOOO!!!! Lamar Odom got traded for Tyson Chandler and Kobe is pissed!!!
Im gonna miss this.
a broken heart hurts but it's the memories that kill you.
i just fell so.tough in.the lunchroom
Yes! Just heard about the broncos win! Happy for two reasons...hate the jets and love Tebow :)
About to get my first tattoo
Written by Reznor/Nine Inch Nails, improved on by Johnny Cash, murdered by Leona Lewis.
shi_reidt40 Wtf is your deal?!
I hate it when you want to stay up but you decide to just close your eyes and you end up falling asleep....
Watching Father of the Bride with my oldest daughter! Love, girltime,
Just took the lonliest walk home.
I would have loved to have gotten this huge research assignment 2 weeks ago and not the week before the topic proposal is due
First cigarette of the day.
out and about and im stil fkn bored, or at least, annoyed.
I really hate being left out. People are so mean and selfish sometimes.
Hooray! My RunKeeper GPS is working again! (Not that I'm running this morning.)
Dear Erie, fix the timing of your damn red lights. Sincerely, ALL Erie drivers
this was the BEST performance I've seen from one direction wooowwww JLS were So GREAT too wowowowowoow
when your crush compliments your picture! dlfjslklsdfklhsldf
im dominican & i dont talk about it like 24/7 there be them dominicans dhat wont stop talkin about how dominican they are
justinbieber I KNOW THINGS ABOUT YOU THAT YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW ABOUT YOURSELF. AND YOU? WELL YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW MY NAME.. depressed 13
Didn't get to sneak a peek of Wendel Clark at ConstructCanada - wanted to brag to my colleagues!
ihate when it's barley sprinkling and people have their windshield wippers on full blast
I cannot get Soulja boys song out of my head
World Series champ Cardinals to name former catcher Mike Matheny as manager, replacing Tony La Russa.
Majola crying on national TV! Oh dear !
I think I'm finally at the point where I can enjoy the memories, instead of running away from them
French village nestled in the middle of the city.
I hate when I have something really important to tell someone and they don't text back
I'm not sleeping because for once I'd rather be awake, my life is more fun than my dreams.
That moment when palesa_leesa compares xahara to adele
Gave out coats...still have coats....
The things I do for the one I
Wonderful day at Disney yesterday! No Frankie, but I did meet Buzz ;) now going to spend Thanksgiving with the fam! :) Thankful!
Who do I have to curse to get a Pottermore account?
Finally had my chance last night and I blew it. Couldn't even stay awake. Embarrassed and mad at myself.
kutfromthekloth tried on a pair of Kut dark wash flares. Look great and fit my curves. I'm in love!
first sat night in for the school year.
Thursday night come fast! Midnight premier of breaking dawn with Terrilea3
ISSUES!.. Fb on issues hay... :(
Theres a ringing in my ear
Sooo, I love my iPhone but I might switch to an OLD SKEWL blackberry for a few days ...
“Kash_Dope ImThankFulFor iGive_No_Fucks Man That Nigga Always Got My Back Man We Been Thru It All Lol”>»» nigga who you tellin
makaylamegan1 i missed out on the christmas tree sad :(
justinbieber LOVE U SO MUCH AND I LOVE UR ALBUM UNDERTHEMISTLETOE! PLS COME YO ISRAEL AGAIN AND FOLLOE ME! LOVE <3..... 43
It's of crucial importance that you understand what I'm about to reiterate: you're dating a fucking loser and he's the best you can do
Fuck I really didn't thought I was gonna make it this far :)
i am about to kill my computer!
Thinks that movies based on literary genre and then fail to live up to said genre should be spat on...then burned...disappointment.
Everyone can do there Black Friday shopping at midnight..im sleeping in after a successful Thanksgiving
I've always wanted a keychain with a bottle opener.  Dreams really do come true.
Can't wait for Basement_Impact tonight
CaitlinxConlon LOL, YES TWO DAYS AGO. that would have been friday, SO YES I DID. don't say im fricken lying. JUST DONT.
When your dad gets up at 230 in the morning the let the dog out and the lights go out and all of a sudden you
Salvation army donation yesterday, Toys for Tots today. Merry and bright :-)
When we are around them, its like we're barely friends but when its just us we are best friends.
Woke up to my pop cooking breakfast
bethstanding13 you mean *cory is the best thing that has ever happened to me love*
Happy 2 Year Anniversary to my love. So blessed to have you in my life!
I thank God 4 an office n a WLAN! If nt, my tweetin days wud hv bn long ova!!
Hates attitudes when you try to cheer someone up, they get mad at you, you walk away and they get mad bc you left?
... May our efforts be multiplied, our vision be magnified and our resolve be steadfast.  It is time for AMERICA TO BLESS GOD~
I Honestly Don't think My Bestfriend Knows How Happy I am to Be Helping with her wedding
lol, the home alone kid plays Wallace in Scott pilgram.
i'm so excited for tom.
erikalynn4 I like when Erika doesn't ever visit me :'( especially when shes home
Niggas front for bitches for extra convo
Ncapppy shut up! I thought i said linden st!
If you want to be happy, be :)
iam_thaPRINCE I'm sad now cause the one who has the car doesn't get out till 10/11 ...
7 days until xmas
Bout ready to go get this tattoo
One more week of school then it's the HOLIDAY!
New spiderman <3 andrew garfield ahhhhhh.
Back to sleep for me! Times like this when I love my mother enormously. Roll on tonight!
Something is wrong... saruhhEEE isnt tweeting back...
everybody talkin bout laundry , i still need myii effin laundry done. uhhhhh
Hey dad could you stop calling me every five seconds... I would like that. K Thanks.
Why don't babies go to sleep when they're tired?!!!
Wow, just realising how worthless my personal statement is, i don't think i'd get one offer without my bro lukeabailey
every single morning between 7:20 & 7:30 my phone vibrates two times for no reason at allllll
HallucinoJENs Too late now already started I want to watch from the beginning!
My baby called me last night with his 5 yr old self. Talked about everything including his Christmas list lol. My night was made!
it's happening again....dejavu
Guess who is coming for breakfast tomorrow??
I Want One Of My Ana-Banana's 1 Hugs :/
hmarch987 is it like next week?
Um, uh, swim practice... No, no, no.
thank you tinafrantzen! love bigtime <3
I don't see shit.
Pisses me off especially if I already don't like you...how will you feel if the conversation u interrupting is about you????!
Just saw the reunion of jandreoli and cara_harvey and it was very special.
And you believing them not making it any better!!
And now I remember why we weren't friends annoying.
Your smart. Telling complete lies when I know the truth.
loving Ipswich's second half performance!!! unbelievable stuff!
Need a session. Too bad holidays are coming up so there won't be anytime...
Matt got his first tit pic tonight. :'D
bptfaiz you tweet one more time and I'll murder you
Young ppl are droping dead left & right
Omg...ada tron yang uprising!!! Oh godd
Yes! Mom just said I can go to breakfast with the worship team on Monday morning :)
bitches fuck the same dude..and they fight about it..niggas fuck the same girl..they shake hands laugh and talk about it
Not going to be tweeting for a while. Omg heheheheheeh
Win for the raiders
getting supplies for drinks and bbq
Singing along to old Jimmy Eat World with Schpeeds Schleier. Perfect day.
People shouldnt say I love you until they have been dating for awhile. I love you doesnt mean the same thing as it used to.
BarRefaeli You're just genial. Good night for you!
Count your blessings.  God is soo good.
All the shit I done/do in my life I never got jumped I'm soooo
I don't know where to go , im through w/ it , Im through w/ it .   I'VE FINALLY GIVEN it up
When youre comfortable sharing awkward silences with someone.
If u brk ur neck, if u have nthing to eat, if ur house is on fire, then you got a problem.Everything else is inconvenience.
Unfortunately, our society sends a huge message: unless u are good looking, u don't matter as much.
theskystealer LOL MATH IS DA BEST
Yall I jus realize sum as much hell _MindofaGenius gives me n I give him! I don't even kno this nigga
Some things are worth waiting for!
snow patrol & a cup of papua new guinea coffee is perfection right noww
Why when people bring you work they set it on top of what you are already doing?
Why no excited tweets from Darwen88 ....
Mañana a estas horas espero poder celebrar la victoria del barça con un cubata de ron
So sick and tired on being sick and tired. Kinda ad how one person can do this to you over and over again.
I am truly thankful for every one thats n my life no matter what thankful#
WelshGoonerGirl what you have a broken leg!!!!!!!?!!!!
So Porn is trending in lagos :D... I knw it...
Theres always one person around that thinks they knw it all lol....
Such a good movie
my hiccups are deathly...annoying :/
ladyjanetweets my wife's does the same thing. Could be an email, a text, a post on facebook.....it never stops blinking
The happiness you feel when one of your best friends gets engaged never ever gets old
I just watched an episode of Batman: The Animated Series on the television.
Hair up and a big soak in the bath,
“_MCGusto: YoCool_Cal come on cal...school is easy” wait Til u getting ready to graduate... It won't be to fun Annoying lol
Whenever I go shopping with the intention of buying something I find absolutely NOTHING that I like
I haven't tweeted in a few days, just shows I'm living the good life :-)
it's just hit me that it's Christmas next weekend
I had a dream that Yeah Yeah Yeahs released a new album and it was amazing. Then I woke up and it was freezing and snowy.
The baby had surgery.. :( But he's okay now!
QC awards success Halo notsomuch ending a great nite
celeb get me out of here next week
Anyone else fist pump with TigerWoods or just me?
There's more fighting on Twitter Han Facebook..
My sister's fine!!!!! :D
naatalieeee oh tell me about it!!!
NoelClarke rajjandoo simon_kainth djchunz for me, life's more about passion for what you love, be it films, cars, songs or books!
Mrs. Tice gives the most pointless homework. annoying !
Heading 2 see New Year's Eve soon with the best friend and awesome bf<3
OMG FINALLY! I struggled with this stupid area for hours yesterday only to give up and play Skyrim! Solved it in 15 minutes.
Having antlers looks a chew on. Glad I haven't got them
Why must they make all sweaters with a v-neck
I Like Being In A Good Mood
when you message someone on fb right as they sign off.
You bug me so much. And u know who u are.
Alright, just wrote my speech outline for the THIRD FUCKING TIME this weekend. Let me print it off now so I don't lose it.
nedboulting I feel almost ashamed to say i've nothing for Halifax on my UK curry recommendations list
Sedition Art! Rather then hang art on your wall- you hang on your screen or mobile wallpaper/tablet/iPad- my cousin co-founded it-
I love my friends!!
Goodmorning...omw to work off at 3
Being in Bama for Christmas just might make my year
My cousins from America come over tomorrow haven't seen them for 2 years
Has had a fab day at my new job!
what doesn't kill you makes you stronger  oh the power of music
I love the rain but right now, it doesn't make a difference that my day didn't start the way i wanted it to be.
You can't make someone love you, all you can do is stalk them and hope they panic and give in.
On the ferry in this thick fog...no clue how the captain is seeing which way to NYC...
meeting kyra's parents tonight
I hate baby voicessss -__-
Time to face the music
Why am i so fucking unmotivated lately.
BeLo_MeniNa You did NOT call me back that day you told me you would!
AkiAnastasiou Interesting that the guy who wrote this article dont know how to spell Gartner
JohanSvening Välkommen till twitter min kära vän!!!
Big win 4-3
Only a couple hours before I get to see all me family Excited !!!
jsells5 hahahahahahahahahahahah ew....kinda glad I'm not with you guys right now
Monthirakham j'avoue t'est forte ! Jtu donne di
I love showers...I can actually have a quiet place to think and thank God for letting me wake up one more day.
Soon, soon :) come sooner
JUMPING THE BROOM, is coming on!!! excitement (:
tomxsedares works at walgreens* but he can't spell it...
I hate it when you say something and then someone goes I remeber when I was 5 .
Protesters at UCLA got pepper sprayed after refusing to move
Pressd females I swear...
I took an X-ray at the dentist and I have absolutely no wisdom teeth along with no signs of them ever coming in!!
We live in a generation of not being in love and not being together. Drake sings this as if he gargles magic
Ughhhh, I have to finish sooo many projects for school!
We are the 'ville.
Should've realized a long time ago that I'm not a dancer type cus all I know is how to dance in a bar. Lol!
Just made it to the Selvys Anniversary with 1CelebrityMom.... Exciting!
Boy meets world is on
Why do we have cellphones if the messages we send don't send?!
Happy I was able to wake up and see another day that God has made
Well damn, everone and their mom is goin to the city tonight. Literally
Our class is dead quiet and this dude is over here munching on his chips like nun.
If your boobs are still small with the biggest push up. then you have none!!
rpollard6 for sure come bring me a pic!!!
And the search begins for my home...
Bell's over nothin happenin outside of that...I tried to make it a night but failed as usual...
ubuntu 11.10 is getting better everyday...
Dedicating my 1000thtweet to my top bitches out there charleyallsopp1 LaurenBromley12 rachelheadley ChrisCarterr emily_beesley
What should I get my future ex husband (only bc I plan on marrying Aaron second & staying married to him. Aaron 4-EVA) Fear SarahJaneSays
A meeting with smart HR peeps and wine? FUN!!! TimBakerHR BonniToronto ArezooMeno
Thar is my way back to then.
I'm so uncoordinated it's crazy
twothingsthatnevermix are hoes and
My very last Monday of school! :0
It's a Sex and The City and White Russians kind of night.
Men and mascara always run
Attention everyone : Daniel Batista, IAmChosin , and I just sang a beautiful duet to High school musical....
no one to talk too
SeanOPhane The fools! I was already watching! it just makes me freak and turn it down before I wake anyone. They're the worst for it!
Raised in a true filipino way  
11.11.11 is kinda sad because I know none of my wishes will come true
Keep looking at the message I got yesterday
scatty91 I need to go to the post office and get some shopping.
The fact that I get attention in my scum makes me feeel better
Just sat through video after video of 9/11 theories. Fuck the US and their corrupt government bullshit.
The prof really couldn't just give me 3 more pts on the final to boost up my grade, its not like it was mc! The whole test was essay
i say a prayer evry night nd evry morning !
Did some Christmas shopping today & finally found some things for bcbone!
I can't stop smiling
to the kid standing outside my house giving dirty looks to my barking dogs...LEAVE so they stop barking
I've got XFactor onto record justinbieber performing cause I know I'm just guna cry/scream when its live :')
Why do you question everything I do?
S/o to all the people who have wished me well. It astounds me how caring my friends are :)
treeHugger_x is spazzing out or some shit -__o ....
Why are some of the movies they are making anymore are just fucking stupid?
ShikaSaid: Tomoro is never too late... Happiness is now    The power of now is your choice awareness transcends... Choose happy!
MI 1ST THOUGHT:WANA THANK GOD 4 WAKEN ME&MI LOVE 1'S UP N ALL HE HAV DNE 4ME...
i lay every burden down, at the foot of the cross..
ben al op school...
Will now sleep peacefully with dreams of Taylor Lautner throughout the entire night.  
Silent Disco! tonight LastConcertCafe.
TylerMarshaII yees it was amazing ;)! cause of you! but you didn't try my yule log disappointment haha
Fire bell during star wars
sunday afternoon watching a gripping test match.
It's really sad when you can buy whatever you want but have to beg for what you need Sad...
Playing tag with the UPS man
Wish spammers would get a life !
jpom12 and sauvee not a good tune
Spotify You are about to make me cry. Why do you have close to no European songs in America? =(
ETretts She is also my other heart throb...... I guess I have a lot of those haha
uscpsycho He was screaming for Jim Tressel just a few days ago! desperation davidoler UCLACoachMora
My mom is getting on my LAST nerve
chingadoooo :( el próx fin será el KPOP STERS T___T SADNESS !!!
Hates teachers who try to cram everything in before semesters end...
Said or unsaid words are the greatest drugs
Someone just bought snacks from the machine. He chose a Payday bar over the Jalapeno Poppers.
Family members who come over and take over your TV, but when you go over there, don't you dare touch their remote.
1TD in the last 40 drives for KC
christmas lights are up.. <3
I really was sleep all dayyy. Lol disgust!!!
I never expected that from her of all people.
No electricity in thohoyandoudepressing#
hollywills oh go get into bed! - ive put kidsin bed n climbed in too myself! No shame in snuggling up  warm in bed watching tele! bliss!
Call it What You Want has been my jam forever and now there's a music video uGgggHhhh
U should be ashamed of yourself if your under the age of 30 and you understand social media
J'ai l'impression d'être le seul à ne pas avoir entendu le son KOUADA du frère kalash972. C'est normal? Ès ke sa normal?!
No body cares about you liking the cowboys? Stfu and stop making tweets about the same thing.
OMG THIS IS A GREAT DAY! GO COLTS!
Oh no! My top two have chefs are in the bottom!
driftfoodtruck I'm hungry for your food but am stuck at a work thing. Thought I would share.
caraadamsx6 righht!  im in the theater now :)
Manashree_ what do u think about this ?
Praise to God for all my blessings
Where words fail music speaks love <3
Currently downloading Midnight In Paris. Mood : love :)
Up early for basketball today. toearly but should be a good day.
Remind me to never drive long distances ever again.
j_hussain i can access it fine and i can see my wages have gone in  but the actual transactions haven't appeared
All this girl does is complain.
I want to seeeeeeee :)“ally_1121: first night in the apartment! excited”
Whyyy can't this just work out?! carolinelaceyy
Got my letter jacket
Some people just don't get the hint! Glad he finally got the message. There's a reason I don't respond to your texts.
shutuphilllary not taking the bait?? UGH this was such a good idea any other time hed be pulling the fone from my fingers GUR annoyed. lol
Basketball tournament in Creighton this weekend, hope all go's well and I get to play my old team the Hudson Bay Riders.
DanniiVallee jajaja no se quien es solo me gusta erick
kelseymh ugh I would have thrown them away just to make a point
calidanielaXD nooo. Not when girls do it to get noticed
someone please chop off my feet
That effed up feeling when you're out and about and the sole of your feet has a massive itch.
Av come in contact wif tumany fooools in  Ɣ life!!!
New Furniture Just Came In ! ! Got That Recliner Now So I Can Play My Games In It !
Fuck can't retweet shit!
Ahh the things he does :)
40 lengths...now for Ingwiller..
Uncertainty and expectation are the joys of life.--William Congreve
Home alone.. Guess ill just blast my music untill work..
Ugh <3 no one will pay any attention to me.
My man charge yall fools UP....I still get it for the low
I thought today was thursday ._. disappointed :(
That annoying moment when people tweet something and then also make it their facebook status
Had to turn down the offer of my first  actual IA gig. but a hour by car both ways, doesn't make gas sense for 4 hour calls.
actually done work in physics eday
2nd thanksgiving done :)
_PlainJames Oh how just those TWO WORDS can immediately make me want shout and dance like the israelites !! instant excitement !
I hope there's not a huge wait for the bread...
So blessed this thanksgiving to have not one, but rather two wonderful families
One more day.... Thats all i have to get through.
RHOA  Peter stop hatin on Apollo and Leon cause they look better than you. Cynthia you a dumb girl.
Don't show yo dick if its nun to get a gal to say damn!!!
Just got my license renewed with dheit21
Hahaha oh my I just went to Dollar Tree to knock their gift bags down >.<
veronicaraye TheRealIngrosso of course, he's married already but its worth a try. lol
I know :'(RT Marty_McFly8 I can't go see Wale today
SandyN64 Tanglebonitis I hate you both ...because I didn't see that *language* was misspelled XD
I think me and SmilinStixx are talkin about the same damn person.!! -_____-
I hate crying but the talks AriannaReed_BBS and I always have are so deep!
Chinee_Kim *hugs* and I now tell myself I cud do wit a hug...
Sad to see this week coming to an end. Depressing. SuchAGoodWeek.
what it really means to
Kegger tonight. Hmu for details.
Game day! Sunday funday with a little tailgate action and football
i just want it to be over. i hate this feeling..
this no shave november is making my face itch
Life. Not to take for granted. It's gone in the blink of an eye.
My niece graduated from UNCW with degrees in Biology and Chemistry today.
“ASAP_Trenton: That language does not become you..” it ain't thrill  hahah
RnDelMonte ya that's really good to stay away from drama, I'm still working on that.
Happy Thanksgiving! Now get off your computer and spend some time with your family and stuff yourself with some great food! :)
If you can walk through the whole mall under 10 min that's how you know the mall is small.
Not knowing where you stand with somebody.
Hoes Just Be Givin it Up Easy Just 2 Be Accepted !
Why is it the people that you want to speak to are never online when you need them
gosh I love cooking !! yall should see me in this big ass house by myself cooking listing to music dancing looking stupid <3
I feel like shit right now
Why do I never have money when black friday rolls around?
Need someone 2 talk 2.
They're making The Hunger Games into a movie!
wish i had a lil'sis niece or nephyy to cuddle up w/ & jst make me laughh . . .
madisynel you didn't come see me at work... so thanks.
“Tagg_YoureIt I hate people who make themselves feel better about themselves by bragging about the material things they get . Sad”
`•.¸(¯`•.•´¯)¸ .• ×°× ` •.¸.•´ ×°×Ⓛ ⓞ ⓥ ⓔ   I know! that you're my great destiny. My love .-
I woke up to noises of a woman crying and sniffling in the bathroom & I thought it was my mom...but she was outside the whole time.
I'm so amazed John C. Reilly is playing a semi-serious role...
Y is it always one step forward two steps back, never two steps forward one step back
Bonfires arnt fun when you run out of alcohol sad:(
just still really bitter that everyone I know had their classes cancelled when I am stuck on campus from 11-3.
t_nellie1 Damn. We just got spamed.
How much money and effort is wasted by business owners that trip over long term dollars to save short term nickels???
Hot Booties is not the infomercial I thought it would be...
JoyLambert Don't be an xfactor hater! I had to keep myself entertained since you and layclay didn't call me for Wine Wednesdays!
Thankful for all the people in my life
why do i feel so down..
JASMINEVILLEGAS I'm getting your app soon!:D
Think it's just hit me. United are out of the CL
my friends make my life worth it!
today was national kiss day... and my boyfriend wasnt here... :(
mr_rockstar001 lozdee exile2059  or is there some sort of snake lady? googled & googled & can't find the answers
Omg i hate when ur trying to have a conversation with some one but ur phone is slow
100% sure I'm gonna marry this girl
i really wanna talk to you but i dont know how
A few years ago justin was covering songs of his idols. People like chris brown and boyz ll men, now he's working with them
People put the littlest things before you! :/
Haha I'm wide awake and had a pretty good night! surprised!
Reemski yes but you have to do it for each individual email.
Wait, I'm already out of dining dollars?
ordered mommy's Christmas present :)
ktalisse ur nails are actually painted?? Who are u?
I'm sorry but I hate how all the commercials at Christmas time are songs
I've narrowed it down TwitterBabiess . I'm going into the air force :) So
I've bad luck with tires this month.. Looks like another a check to bmw for a new tire
Driving from Visalia to SanFrancisco reminded my why I fell in love with Cali. I love the beautiful scenery.
Ugh the ignorance l have to put up with in this house!!!
Teen dads are just as clueless as teen moms
QueenOfFitteds lidz_markie Nobody that is anybody stays away long :) love lids4hats
First night since before school started that I haven't had to set an alarm.
J_Langer29 SLessard I'd love to retweet this, but not allowed J_Langer29 is private, 9:30 candlelight vigil for child abuse victims
Upper Nebraska is so lonely :(
ABX Fall Function. Raise hell! Raise hell!
I don't want to see you happier with somebody else.
danda00 report on China ? And get a display picture for twitter
Hopefully I did good on my math test. I'm getting my test scores today.
We hit no traffic in DC today.
girls who are jealous of male friendship?
Almost got a MOAB but got noob tube.......
My dad massaging my sore arm from pitching>>
RTP_3 ExtraBS Laaaaaaaame answer. I was hoping for better
My heart is on top of the world at the moment. I can't explain how much you even mean to me. :3
' In class early. Eww I don't like this feeling
I need my bestfriend!!
Worked my first full work week! So awesome! Working Mon-Thurs is the perfect schedule right now!
At the moment I'm really
Bit my tongue while sneezing. Today is not off to a good start.
Headed to Upland (my home town) for my brother's awesome Christmas party. They don't fuck around with their parties - Go all out!.
imtylerphillips One day, depends on if we can get licensing from CrossFit HQ
Yessss,u finally know what I'm doing when my boyfriend gets home ^.^ excited!!
My phone just went around the toilet bowl like a basketball around a rim, and didn't go in
Blessed with amazing family and friends!!  Happy Thanksgiving everyone
Im Mad He Txtd Me On Some Ratchet Shit
Wish people would stay out of my business! Nosey fuckers.
last night I let the party get the best of me...
ik mis je nu al  
Mom shrunk my Awesome Polo sweater. :( its like soo tiny now...
Home before 4:30
Just put all my stuff back in my room! Ahh it's nice to be home
Sleepy.. test in every class, everyday
What just happened, makes me
erionnarose eight more days<3
Is membership really worth a monkey?
Not ever have I wanted love and affection so much! Not ever have I starved of it so much!
It's a shame that reecemastin doesn't follow as much these days
If I make a request, why is there a debate? Its so simple to just do it and move on!
I miss the NBA :(((((
nusnatcon time to turn the mic back down. Im loosing even more of my hearing and there are no sweaty guitar plays present
T-pain took a really good Lily Allen song and fucked it up.
About to play in the National Championship tomorrow!
I had a nightmare about Joan Rivers critiquing my gala gown.
getting my license tomorrow... hopefully
10 pm hurry up!
I seriously don't feel like sitting in the theatre for another hour so I can say 2 lines..
Lmfaoooo Barney is a boost! HowIMetYourMother Neil Patrick Harris   Love!! LOL!
All of my good days outweigh all of my bad days. And I won't complain.
Picking up my rims today from the tire shop!
Happy Bday to my TREATY aka Trey_8118 !!! Hope u enjoy ya day big head guy!!
This crying baby is about to get popped in the fuckin mouth yo! annoyed!
Knitting out and Jarvis on the radio on the train back from an afternoon of baby cuddling in Nottingham
what would you do if you were looking for misery but found johnmaine lying naked on the floor instead? pioneer themaine misery themaine
when you smell ur food but it's not ready yet
loves how my cat takes up half my bed..
My christmas wishlist is done!!
Texting someone and they dont reply but they tweet...
People I don't even know care more about me than half of my friends...
I hate it when professors repeat themselves
Daughtry's new album...
HE STEAL, CITY MAN, NO JOB, STAY WIT 10 OTHERS, & SHARE CLOTHES, BROKE!
Clothes show live tomorrow excited :)
I text my mother and brother more than anyone else...
To know you still care about it really makes me
You know your file is too big when you scroll down an FIVE MINUTES LATER it does it.
People need to learn to mind their own business.
Ppl lowkey forget how great god is....
there is no food in my house
Leaving you bass in the middle of a hall way is a shootmeintheface kind of a moment.
Wow can't begin to tell u how God works. Been stressed w/production for my new book but open my pages to nothing but love & shouts love!
KDTrey5 try waking up with no tweets @ u. Sad lol
trying so hard to keep myself from going through my Christmas presents
Too bad CourtneyMetz13 will be @ her dads alll weekend.
Im always glad to see another day
I cannot wait for college!!!
MAYSEAwhovr I hate when people mess them up!
brettlechien he is alittle bit bulkier then u idk if i can take him
So many of the nurses at my job has so much faith n me as a new nurse.. but I feel even more confident when I hear it from my patients
Okay i'm finally done with my poem :((
everybody's freaking out over this stupid exam.
Christmas party with mentally challenged kids tomorrow :-)
Man went hard last night....hungover as hell!
Thanks dad for facebook messaging me from across the couch to warn me that you farted...
just got off the L & the H was right there ((: LOVE .
Today's irritating thing - people walking slowly.
When a person retweets someones tweets so much that you might as well follow that person cause they're all over your timeline..
justinbieber as opposed to you is that you have to to thank you for that thanks to you we have a big smile when we hear your misic!!
Lol he jus makes my day:-)  ilovemybf
I need a new job. Like noowww!!! annoyed ¦[
_Wesley_ward_ award for fucking save-of-the-year bro! keeping them hoes happy! Shot bro
cant sleep omg....why am i wide awake at 230am!!!!!
That moment when people have space to walk around you yet they decide to brush up against you.
AustinMahone Okay. You never follow me Depressed :(
kalapfaff I miss hobby lobby, that place is a womans dream
Most conference calls are a terrible waste of my life that I can't get back.
'Its all about youooo ooh ooo' elmienmarais:Is it almost dinner time?...about to hang with one of the coolest teenagers I knw
Sherlock Holmes 2 was very enjoyable! Also, tomorrow begins the school related stuff purging from my room/backpack/life
justinbieber I hate that I love you so much and you dont even know I excist
Brothers are just sat in the car whilst me and my mum push. And then I fall flat on my face and they sit laughinggggg.
I think I need a nap
Oh hello finally wake up before 3pm today YES.
AHHHH! Assassin's Creed Revelations advert on TV! Sexy old man Ezio! This is not good for my heart! Seriously sexy looking game!
MY LITTLE SISTER LEFT 7 CHIPS FOR OF TO HAVE FOR LUNCH. ITS SHE FUCKING STUPID?!
ppl on fb that post mad video stop its
Goin home to pack some more. Fuckin
im prepared to delete all people from my fb who are completely stupid.. you're 18 why are you spelling school, skool?
Wednesday better come here faaasst.
After watching the tarheels tonight i think i might become a duke fan
justinbieber UNDERTHEMISTLETOE IS THE BEST CHRISTMAS ALBUM EVER! WE CAN TELL THAT YOU WORKED SO HARD ON IT! WELL DONE BIEBER! PROUD 24
bored as hell n class,.' needa txtn buddie... :)
Food comas make me entirely to
YouWasSexyUntil you started talking
CatieAnthony wow I forgot about that.....
I hope I don't scare the pedicure lady with my hairy legs.
courtneyjc12 emmyhanlon11 Courtney's so fat we couldn't even hold her up.
Mall with nana & dom
One of my favorites will be going home on the Xfactor tonight.
I realllllly wish Erin would turn her twitter back on.
Your hair is your own.... No one cares what colour you want or should go! Or what style! Stop going on about it hahahahaha
Lunch with this attractive guy followed by David Hogan and Bill Johnson teaching at school :)
Cannot wait to feast tomorrow
but that doesnt stop me!!!!!!! sav + food =
I think ive reached the point wen i could say....im sexually frustrated!
Chesnoid yeah it is! woop
Try driving to work with no music, just you and GOD. you'd be surprised in the convo's you can have together! I loves it.
AlexFrench1132 I know I can't wait either :)
Why would you even wanna go on TV and tell someone you like them, cuz if you get rejected the whole worlds gonna see it..
If one thrift store employee could be kind towards me and caitlin_herbert it would make this whole process a lot easier
I like Newt, but I just can't vote for him, not for President anyway. Mitt's a decent guy, but RomneyCare was unforgivable!
leggo_my_megg0 haha same. Why are we learning new stuff when our final is on monday?!?
BloomBainbridge Oh yes he is! Where is crystalmt ??
WTF is Pineapples where the hell did thaf come from where.ppl jua randomly say that n.what do.it.mean ugh
nadiaaszt_xo I just watched that!
firsttime driving a highway
kingalonzo8 not only are you my best friend, but you are best kind of friend
18. Thankful for my dads family who accepted me and loves me like their own.
Sundays can get really boring .. I need someone to talk to! lonely -_-
Pv lol, you mean you're not fluent in Portuguese?
i rushed home for nothing
LitterrBox Grandma once got me a harmonica for Xmas. No idea why.
Just got woken up at 10am by a call, turned out to be recruitment for a call centre! Fingers crossed!!
DvisionOneMI is that what we're on??? YES i have the entire day off. ill be there whenever, ill have a car too ;))
This country music is making my headache worst omg just
Chicago rehearsals starting tomorrow excited! Xx
:)) looking forward to Sunday night
Extreme makeover home edition is cancelled.
I hate when my sister calls and says she has to talk to me about some 'shit' so I have to call her when I'm alone nervous /:
Princess_31697 when yu ready too drop that lame im ready too say we in an OFFICAL relationship together untill then idk...
Wow!  The best part of being able to shooting weddings is hearing how those who love them teared up looking at the images.
If you and your partner can pick each others nose, pass gas, burp, laugh, cry, fight, break up & make up you got something special!
Enjoying some R&R time
Went through a lot of shit in my life, but I never regret any of it. Without it, I wouldn't be who I am today.
And I get my new phone in 3 weeks !! BOOM !!
the justin bieber christmas album makes me
LOVE has no color, no gender, no judgments, it knows no religion, no ethnicity, LOVE stays even when hurt.  THERE IS NO CURE FOR LOVE.
Why is everything starting to crumble.
Thank you God 4 another one
After Church this morning, some more Uni research, studying Jeremiah and getting some writing done, in a very, very good mood :’)
why are people always trying to start shittt
i wanna turn my phn off for the whole day...im thinkin I might jus do that but ma dad might call me frustrated !
THANK YOU to CCNmagazine for capturing my Aunt's destiny for giving to the community with such elegance. The article was beautiful!!
I just made myself some delicious falafel and realized I left the hummus at work.
BigBru96 Peoples funniest man EVER:Steve Carell happy:(
bexxxtaylor Come cuddle me then!
AllieBalling I think I just favorited one of your tweets and didn't mean to.... embarrassing...
demilaurenxo is my best friend
Can't wait for GHS to get a competition cheerleading team !
Is on a youtube  cat videos marathon. Joy.
Shitty mood for like no reason
The devil is real busy ... Don't let him steal your
How do I know if this is forreal? Tell me so I don't get
Half day tomorrow! <3
O__o... uhhhhh-ohhhh deepest conversation is coming my way! nervous.
justinbieber i can't stop listening fa la la. Your voice is so amazed proud followme! 11
StackinDollaz21 Shumur hasn't attempted to excite the fans and this city...no fake punts, trick plays or anything
Charlie Brown Thanksgiving is on!
Skyping with my two little boys :)
Made a A on my research paper, yess jard work payed off! It took me a whole week to finish!
Wezzy were you going? Up. You're going a bit to far.
HannahStolp You were done before meee. surprised (:
So ready to film for the majors today!
No...he'll never put more on me,, than I can bare!!
LUVMYLONGSTROKE I haven't been doin nun of dat shit tho
Have had an iPhone for a month and finally figured out e-mail on it!!
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory sucks shit, not even regular shit, but putrid barfed out roadkill diarrhea shit avgn ha thats
Seeing lizzmizz85 later excited numberonehoe :P
Whos tryin to chill at 130?
I'm ready for summer. YL camp, beach, possible vacation with NatalieAgueroSG, my 16TH BIRTHDAY. excited.
Due to my injury I'm watching my team play and sometimes it's too easy for the attacking team to go past us!
Soooo waiting still, better doh postpone dis class
Because of you I am now about to do science homework. Thanks for ruining my night, mom.
Una chocolatina de esas no me dura nada :s. Él me da otra y morire de diabetes! Jumbomani  
is wanting to be happy for once to much to ask for ?
I'm in Big D. You know its tough for me to leave the area code
Aiight just got a call from HollywoodMANDEE on the Soul Train awards Red carpet .. Big things Poppin!
' my whole laptop , wanna act DUMB IRRITATED !
Laying in bed watching the prince sleep.
I hate when one parents says yea to something and the other says no and so then the one who said yea changes their answer to no.
Aiight Boo, can u do 1 SMALL thing and say GOODNIGHT 2 me & my Girls b4 Logging Out? :( I dont Like 2 Beg, ud make us so HAPPY, rihanna
My Jimmy is flying in today!
Over my dead body with VaughnFred09 on the way to practice.
I never promised you a ray of light, I never promised thered be sunshine everyday. love BethanyGaleotti
parkerbullock Lanas ipod password is parkerbullock
First therapy meeting today. Hope it goes good
Heater on the bus feels warm.
Seeing others hard trials make me thankful for how easy my life is :)
likeagcips dedication is key and u have it. Stay on that grind kid.
If you breathe heavy, don't sit behind me...
“Adrienne_Bailon Too much to do... Not enough time. annoyed”
Ugh now I have to clean up this mess alone.
I kno what I have to do.... I just don't wanna do it...
Waiting to take pics at walmart(:
“Here’s the funny things about rights — they’re not supposed to be voted on,” said state Rep. Bruce Hunter (D-Des Moines).
Learned a lot of the NLC meeting for FBLA this weekend!:)
CuPiD Has done it again!*
About to go to bed....
I just cant wait to get fuckin destroyed tomorrow
f- all the haters I live the life i do, dont like it then I got two words for you: suck it...
Look like i aint gettin a a bedtime story or fallin asleep on the fone
I miss a lot of things in my life. More than things that I'm looking forward too.
wow. was that really necessary producers of The Walking Dead.
Reunited and it feels so good!
Learned something new about someone today!
Huge fry up to keep me going for a day of shopping with mother :D, then a night out with the girlies...
missrmason it's 30 degrees in my office and I'm alone!
RedBoneRaymond weve been through alot and our friendship been on and off ..but you the only one I would go to McDs for lol
Cant wait for john's play!(:
Is the NBA like a fantasy league with veto rules? What's happening?!
The chocolate in my advent calender id disgusting
over the lies and secrets
I hate picturessssss, I feeel like I look like crap in all of them
Bonding time with nicolepatt Shaniel03 and Logan Worden.
Started a new chapter in my life with him yesterday =) And for once... Everything feels right
Wondering how many of the lovely food / drink producers I follow will be at the Good Food Show tomorrow!
People who dont stick to their words!!
When your family is so loud downstairs && you can't sleep <<
only 8 hours until the best night eveerrrrrr :) ahhh so excited !
My gf jus took me out 2 eat an sung 4 a nigga made a nigga
If I fell asleep now I would get 9 hours and 10 minutes sleep. Omg, could you imagine? bliss.
can't seem to get this feeling of you out of my chest, it seems like i really like you that much for me to be head over heals over you
Why lately I couldn't dream of him again? And I've long hoped to be able to dream of him in every night. Disappointed :'(
I'm actually getting tired of texting. Surprising!
Got 40 second iPhone ringtones
Why the eff can't i get into STAR
marshmelloww18 law and order marathons...
Movies with my babe later tonight
All my frans are on the trip :'(
I really love how that last pic of Nina turned out!
I hate when ppl put 'dbbm' on their bbm status' like wtf, no one was gunna bbm u to begin with! /:
Sundheimer just cant let us study like every other teacher, can she?
Getting better from being sick
can't remember these last 3 lines worth anything!
AMeixelsperger got it like a month ago! You should of been following me ages ago
Yea Love it when I get to Working chicks get to rubbing  Stuff get s Insertions
I'm editing ~ natashaMcarr  harhar-aarrr!
Waiting for my mom to pick me up .-.
I've actually had a pretty good day! :)
DanielleJade44 oh my gosh. That song was the greatest thing of my life. It makes me a little reminiscent.
Parents say your answering back, all I'm doing is trying to make my point! -_-
would've been nice if jessie j had shown her face
When i got home my cousin was there i was so excited to see him
MsBURROWS14 ahahha we can remember the soilders and make wishes :D that way everyones
I had a really funny joke that could brighten anyone's day but then i forgot what it was...
Slept for 12 hours, I'm happy :)
Snuggles with Jake. Ahhhhh, love him. <3 bliss boyfriend.
atlast, friday na nmn bukas>gOod thing is 3days <friday,sat & sunday> wlang pasOk yeheey! prO i wOnder bkit la pa me sahOd
phaniecumming I can see your gynie... Also good employee of the week photo but no slut strands
Skating at robson square cash only.
T.G.I.F , Cheers To The F.ucking Weekend ! Weekends Finna Be Stupid Crazy :) Excited !!
8 months in twelve days :) <3 never been happier. love ClayCurts
this christmas i ask for books and a xbox. weirddd. lol buttttttt...momma knws what i wanttt.... my very own tanning bed!
Wowwwww the Mpumalanga Choral Ensemble is AWESOME! Mpumalanga's GOT TALENT!
Catriona_A there's. No. Sun:-)  here. :-( depressing lol
Realizing how fortunate and blessed I am
Awwwhhh my dad asked me to come over and make him vegan pancakes because he's starving and wants to eat vegan now
Not feeling work today... Bring on tonight
Really hopes bf is ok and not freezing. worried :P
She either fell asleep her fone trippin or she jus ignored me either way I'm sad rite now soo goodnight twatchers sadCommanderKaila =(
I wanna stay home tomorrow and sleep and watch movies all day<3<3<3<3
YAY!!! My dreams are coming true. I got tix to ConanOBrien! Thank you teamcoco!!
Things are shaping up!
Back to normal classes without even a short break
C'est bientot Noël !! Mais il neige pas.
itsjustsimran awwwwwww bby, you experienced 5 minutes of a liverpool match
Why do y'all have to be in the way of everything.
The rest of break is going to goooooood. excited Life'sGood(:
Tonight I think I will dream of what DungeonWear will look like....I can't wait!
Why are our teachers not on strike. Every other school is off!
my manager can tell somethings wrong.
Obviously, I do not know how to walk.
Today's advent activity for The Smurf: choose what we eat for dinner. His choice? Takeaway Vietnamese.
TomCapper1 Are you getting a new phone soon brah?
On the way to pick up the bro AGAIN. haha
So hard to do a resume!! I have nothing good to say about myself haha
It's crazy my twitter friends fuck with me more then my main friends...
and you better be worth it
Hittin up sheetz for the first time
Does anyone in Cleveland know of a masseuse in town that is looking for a challenge pro bono? Can't afford one, but I think I need one.
A little girl made faces at CeciliaKlein_  and I on the tube today for 15 minutes, and before she left, gave us hugs
My mom asks if I'm okay, I say no and she walks out of the door.
Duck's sake bbc i-player! If a programme's not ready put it on later- no-one wants to watch something that pauses every 5 seconds!
Where are you christmas
la fâcheuse tendance à rager après avoir perdu ses clé alors quelles sont resté sur le contact de la caisse
This summer was one of the best, met new people, lost people and still have the friends that always be there and family of course
He cooking me a steak 11 o'clock at night!
Happy Thanksgiving!!!  Thankful for spending time with my family!!  Time to go to the Thanksgiving Day Parade!!
Do celebrities only reply to & follow other celebrities? (Aside from LA_Reid ) Why do we even bother to follow them? disappointed....
My baby cousin cooper is ad-or-able. He wants me to read comics to him.
I thank the lord for putting _4ever21 in My Life Now we have our Lil man Here Terrence Jr
JASMINEVILLEGAS I'ma Big Fan Of You! You're Totally Amazing.. Love All Your Songs! Follow Me? Would Mean A Looot (; MuchLove Proud 60
Damn I guess what people said about you were true I feel dumb for not listening to them
Getting my hair done happy :)
i can hear people having sex..
So today I didn't set a foot outta da house yerr
carfrey5 hahaha why would you even go there in the first place?
Almost shit my pants because I thought the gold top mix of we found love was on hot 101. But it wasn't. :(
1% of Americans own 1/2 its financial assets; 1 of 2 Americans live in poverty (!); 6 Waltons Have More Wealth Than Bottom 30%.
If you want to hear a story, please don't interrupt me with comments or advice.. I really don't need them unless I ask for them
New phone should be here tomorrow. I can't wait! lol
following so many RANDOM Beliebers   Spread the
Home without Mom </3
It backfired at the disco, she slapped at the disco! Such a good song!!
Prolly should have broken my knee tonight
Why is twitter deleting my tweets...
Wants to go see Breaking Dawn again right now!
Cant wait to get my new phone!!
Sound check @ Sepang tonight, gonna  experience my first time playing through a massive outdoor speaker!
The handicap woman would get on my bus.
Only one lesson today, and it's biology revision
So, today was pretty great (:
Going to the mall tomorrow w/ a tank top on to show off the tats.. Only bad thing about it is that I have ZERO dollars.. Embarrassing. Lol
Alright guys, this is the plan. I'm going to sleep, see you at 6 a.m.. zzzzzzz
I can't tell you what it really is I can only tell you what it feels like. Happy(:
Tweeting just to be tweeting
Trying To Make Someone Jealous Abt Something Cuhz You Dont Like Them Anymore Irritating .
My Arrington Middle School babies are coming to campus today!
Seriously, some people need to learn to shut their mouth.
I want a DM from a pretty Girl....
Monique just had a hood moment proud lol
How could it be December with no snow...
time for cuz 2 leave so
What is secret santa when the niggas aint keepin it a secret.
joeymcintyre  Soo happy for all BH's all over the world who are going to see you! x
Dang he really just put his wife on blast on Facebook while she was cheating at the other dudes house??!
girl idt i could take that...
Tonight KendallJenner Sweet 16 is on!
Surg_52 you have countless alumni of the program sending strength your way. Play with heart, play together, and bring home gold!
These middleschoolers on my bus are idiots
PrettyMuchBree Lol hell yeah lmfao
Heard that it is suppose to snow tomorrow at like 1:00 yAy !
Everything is getting boring. Need some good entertainment in my life.
Family Italian cookie day
Ravens Ravens Ravens smh we will get em next game
I feel like the eagles fans
you're not the host or anyone's mother
I hate when people automatically assume something that they know nothing about
people get on my nerves!
christmas movies make me happy.
exactly , my name is no longer shanetta or anything associated with that name
If your suppose to be the one that's here for me the most, why is it that I can hardly even talk to  you?. frustratedtireddone.
Some people are incredibly rude
Bieberfact 'Never Say Never' made $52,698,264 Worldwide in its 11th day of release.   proud :)
Turkey in the oven, parade on tv, Starbucks in hand and pancakes on the griddle. Already a great day.
i wish ppl would stop bumpin into my chair
This was a thanksgiving ill never forget thanks babe :)
viajustinbieber 2 years one time video proud :)
ahh what a good weekend so far
OhKamisVoice now that sounds exciting O_O
kela_d wow! Studying at 6:00!?!?! You must give a shit...
*PRIE POUR QUE LE BUS ARRIVE PLUS VITE À COMMERCE FEAR *
alright, i've waited long enough. it's time to break out the christmas music.
There's not one piece of eye candy in this match
This game is a total nail biter.  
candacen10 remember when ShannonMoran522 chased me out of 3D?
people need to learn how to drive.
Cannot wait for Kasabian tonight!! Third time seeing them. Even better as Miles Kane is support this time :)
Woo!! Gonna get wudduphunnybee drunk tonight :D
Thank you so much for making me late mom.
timothytumble dude I've been listening to theantlers every night since I've been here.
Bunch of hoes talking bout
I'm glad there is people out there that honeslty care about other people.
Flipping through channels and saw a Keenan & Kel marathon!
just sent oomf's the LONGEST message ever.
grow up, ken. Your acting like your 2.
Its been a pretty good night
On vient de tomber sur Il Divo par hasard sur Arte. On va rester CinémaItalien
Don't act like you know what you're talking about when it comes to the Kardashians.. you don't even have cable to watch it..
Nothing beats lying in bed with a cup of tea watching the NFL
best birthday gift ever from mom- a keurig coffee maker, finally!
Home from a very successful shopping spree ! ^^
Elecciones20N Odio los Domingos, pero hoy es un gran dia raquelmoralesc :)
Preparing for a big week of spending money, shopping and drinking.
finished editing everything for tmrw. AH. Let's all be on time! nervous daltdaltmcdalt clayton488 jordanbriss99 meganmgraper Crandalf
nothing worse than a sore throat!
The fact that I know that you care about me and that you don't show it makes me somad but more
Dear Redskins, please let me know how the ACC competition is next year because clearly you are incapable of cutting it in the NFL! Lol
toriehernandez kinda scared of whats on their of me-.-
Ik lag net in de prullenbak. Half. Dankzij __TIM____
She's so beautiful.. and I'm not even talkin bout her looks.. I kno wen I gotta good woman.. an best believe I got one
Reading about a son Molesting his father
Only 5 days til Christmas now!!!  
I don't like you .. What don't you get ?
I've seen the clothes you wear and the way you have learned to carry yourself.
watching Black Swan tonight :)
21 hours left , Hope the best result for PMR student :)
On my way home, sleeping and reading Sagan for the next four hours.
Just shook hands with Mike Reiss
justinbieber i find it but i didn't win :( --- :) but a lot of kids will be happy this christmas!! that makes me happy 40
Excited for the birthday expedition with Brandon today :D
everyone is either in a relationship or depressed wtf
Mum made tea... Now dad taking for a beer... Should i be expecting bad news???
Need to get out of here.
Thank goodness my cats have night vision. Would've never gotten that 3.
Can't wait to see L_GRAHAM18 without her braces!!!!
Really don't like joe swash he seriously grates on me!
awsi didn't realise it was so soon!
nothin better than being alone and blasting music
All my money goes to bills
Where r u sleep???
Godd. Waking up to my family playing bday music was sweeeeet. Made my dayy
Awww a fresh cup of tea to start the day! Nuttin like it! bliss!!
These family get togethers are like a broken record. I promise I heard ya the first time
Proud to be serving and protecting my country... Its truly a blessing
Just finished doing Ripped in 30 JillianMichaels.Considerating it was my first time I think I went ok proud :)
I now have to go and get changed as my dog has decided to spill coffee on my.
Morning Guys! Going Round To See Jasons Mum And Dad Today excited xxxx
Burke_status watching Lost by myself
sometimes I wonder if i ask for too much
There is only one happiness in life to love and to be loved(:
cant even go on twitter cause everyone is fucking annoying and tweets about drake every 5 seconds
I hate when I'm doing something and miss calls/texts
How can there not be any bread in the house?!
Still love all the real dc homies especially the ones who rolled tru tonight I couldn't have thought up a better last night
Ppl who want followers but don't follow bk are
Was leuk mt meschatje
Some people need to learn when to shut up!!!
Out with my lovely ladies katiebuechel samanthagrau ayreynolds
me 1000ste tweet voor me babies ashleeey489 freakyshittt Mireillemvuala
Hicksfilosopher You've gotten me thru shit. Support systems work like that. We get by with a little help from our friends.
ChloeTaylorr especially when its everyday..
fourzerotwo they could not fix the lag compensation in blacks ops and looks like your not going to be able to fix it in mw3
You cant have a relationship through text thats not
Sherlock Holmes was legit. Still prefer the first one but some of the action sequences were AMAZING. Now
Nail just popped off
i cant believe 1 and 2 both lost today.
Allisonpinet:i mizzz yew  too!! :( i wanted to hang out with you too! Boo! Your going to your dad's :( no time for lezzie! :(
I would love to go to Iowa state right now.
Fin de semana para mi mamiiii :D
Really upset ive missed so much younglife because of sports and work
People drive so STUPID when the weather turns a little bad!!! annoyed.
I hate when the car wippers squeek.
Just saw this girl. . She's fucking Gorgeous. . But I wasn't sure if she was looking at me or my feet. .
My boys just left in their cute cowboys jerseys
Nirvana never gets old
My mom is actually asking me how to open the Internet.....
when this week is over i can get can get my sleeping patterns back they way they should be, lying in till about 1..
When people play with my control
My wish for 11-11-11 is that justinbieber is gonna follow me! i hope it's gonna happend! =) than you make my LIFE ! ILOVEYOU PROUD 4
apparently Eminem coming with Weezy to SA i hope im not getting braaid!
Why can't I go to sleep?
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass... it's about learning to dance in the rain!
Game Tonight at CAL
Today did not go as planned.
Finally heading home from Atlanta! It's always good being with my family and spending good quality time with them!
Dear girl I don`t like,   I think your really annoying, you should stop trying to talk to me, and just stop thinking your the shit.
60 more tweets and ill have 1000 :)
i know like a hand full of ppl from here
MileyCyrus is one of the few celebrities who isn't afraid to express her feelings and to accept she makes mistakes.
aren't flakey people just the best?
took me all day to realize i did really pro on my make up today =) pictures next! but phone & lightning can only do so much o.o
maybe hanging out with michael later:) excited!!
Glad Paula's sticking around even though all groups are gone
So marliee ate all my mike nd ikes
Just fired up my music and the last thing I listened to was Annie Lennox. I believe I will pick up where I left off. This makes me
Katie_McGuire1 sweet nice job! what day are you guys coming back for christmas?
Just made banana chocolate chip bread. Domestic I know
19 days till christmas! (excited)
eatting breakfast gotta be on the bus stop in 5 mins!
Eeeeek! justinbieber on the XFactor next week! :D EXCITED <3 <3
Got glittery red gel nails feeling festive yaya :) six days to go woo
FromATyrant_Ty I'm a greasy timmies worker baby
I love life and everything that it. Brings ...
only water for now on. 1200 calories a day. work out for 2 hours a day....
My papa in here buying a whole bunch of liver, To cook. disgusting. :l
The only thing getting me through the sadness is sucking it up and focusing on the good that's bound to be coming.
good night..... I believe in you....
Well that was a waist if trip to factory connection almost no sales wtf :/ depression lol
That moment when you are singing a song and get that high note then see Ball State football players at the register.
HUNNNGGGRRYY  Kaiters... i miss days like that just waking up and ur just holding me
Wish the people in the nail shop could understand what I'm asking for!
Je déteste quant l'inspiration me lâche..
Another day=Another opportunity
thankful for a purring cat in my lap. Awwww.
vccworshiplady MsNicki71 BaptisteAnthony Preach_JJ @ he has done it AGAIN...who wouldnt save a God like this.
I love washing my hair smell good
MomentsICanNeverForget went riding bikes with my Sis justice and I ran into her and she ended up breaking her arm.! sad :(
I just told my gma I don't feel good and she keeps asking me to do dumb stuff!
I'm the perfect combination of sore exhausted and tired so why can't I fall asleep
San Siro, Milan does not look like Inter's home ground. Every team can come around and beat them.
MrChrisRene wow ur voice is amazing <3 u have come so far
thanks god they are playing rolling in the deep! :D
italian feast. shit got real.
sayitisntso Syracuse is it true??
Remember familiar does not always mean good. New does not always mean bad.
HammerNation19 kick looked like it MIGHT have been good but we rely on Phil Dawson to be rite down the middle from that range
She said I hope she dies lol No No
I wanna go for a run.. and get a good stretch in.. that would be
What you gonna do.. Nothing? That's what I though.
Jeff_LaFont I didn't really find much.
Every memory i have is from me being in the coop :(
parents need to shut the fuck up sometimes. annoyed.
All Animals cleaned out, room tidied, all Christmas presents wrapped.... Good day :P birthday tomorrow!! excited x
dieing my hair tomorrow :):)):)
S/o all the new followers.
April 14, 2012. North South All Star game
I love mykids & I apartment....WHY NOT?? HELL IT IS OURS :-)
Practice multi-tasking today...focus on nourishing all - mind, body and spirit.
Yay tomorrow's friday
Chris__Kelly unmmmmm. Not sure. Comfy on the sofa. When u heading over? How was ac? Wanted to b good here. Just wasn't. Ugh
Waiting on my boo to come over :)
Some people just get mad toooo easy..
MsFineAndPretty zodiacfacts it is something I cannot help....
Stupidity is a valid reason for assault: discuss.
I was born to stand tall i'm goin' all the wayI can feel it, i believe it i'm here, i'm here to stay justinbieber PROUD!
cubs1908champs 23-3 skins 4th qtr
instead of studying, I've been trying to figure out when McDonalds opens for breakfast. 5 AM in Columbia.
Lets keep praying guys for all our kababayans who are affected by typhoon sendong..Be strong & have faith.. sad:(
I wanna be home in my own bed right now =(
Finding all my clothes I was looking for in my baseball locker
känns bra när man bara har en lektion som väntar imorrn på hela året.
“abbysterling softball gets all my love and affection.”
SociableEvents that's super exciting!!  Can u email me song book for Wednesday :)
Can we just skip the first date and continue from there?
just because there is some snow doesn't mean you have to drive 35 in a 50.
On the Garden Route, on our way to Cape Town listening to ZaharaSA
Having to do homework so that I can do what I want the rest of the day
Teaching dance for the first time in 4 years
that theraflu was the nastiest stuff ive ever dranken in my lifee..
when your phone beeps and u knw it's that one person...
Cant live with dirty people.
Knowing I have to work in a few hrs and still ain't tired..
Sick on thanksgiving...God hates me..
FranSolo_Dolo Fran can I tell u goodnight? Idk I just randomly feel to tell a girl goodnight :S
CalseyAnn What!? Why not? He was so
MY TWITTER WORKS ON MY PHONE AGAIN!!!! ^__^
So I can't see anyones tweets! annoying!
Hate people that are full of facts
best friend, pizza, SHO_Dexter.
Getting the first essay of 2nd year back today...
CriminalMinds marathon on a&e
pre-prom is so sooooon :)
mrthato welcome back brother,is gud to have you back on TSI happy thacks_m
Blessed too see another day
Y cant i marry a cheeseburger? :(
this is why beyonce is my all time favourite woman
BrendaMohzo Buenos días preciosa :$ <3
Shouldn't there have been a Gwyneth Paltrow cameo on SNL by now tonight? I mean, she's Mrs. Coldplay, right?
“chuckyclevenger: OMG jesus I can't wait for your Birthday !! EXCITED”
Can't wait to lay down these vox!
Someone took a fucking shit in our broken toilet and now its about to overflow with shit and brown water
S/o2 ItsMy21stHOE ! Happy Birthday Ari! Enjoy...be safe
Praying for the Philippines today. It's so easy to forget things we can't see. Never forget His children in crisis
MindlessBhavior r u guys on UStream???...it doesn't that u r
A walk to remember
You'd think spending a day editing a biographical text on Mussorgsky would put you off the drink. But I still really fancy a beer.
I *think* my iPad 2 has arrived instore
oomf just sent the cutest text message :) happy.
To my Followers: HAVE a Blessed and Beloved Day and Let God be praise...
WHERE are my grades OU? I need to send my final transcript.
Homework done. Gym done. Now off out for a meal!
Lol my Own damn Nephew just Treated me tho !
Can't wait to see all of my old HS friends! :D
Only 2 more days, and then it is my birthday :D
No why did Harry_Styles say 'we'll see what happens' NO WE WON'T CAROLINES UGLY AND OLD WHAT DO YOU SEE IN HER
when you stay up all night talking to that one special person and being so tired but not complain
MrChrisRene did u hear everyone scream when u started singing young homie?!?!? U could feel it thru the TV ~ Champion ~
damythedish well i ll be there with her tomorrow. Finally i found someone to go to the classes with me!!!
eyeofthestorm79 haven't listed fully yet! I have opeth, rhcp, a band calls 'OAR', Patrick Stump and Anthrax albums to ... gchestney
Guess im boutta settle for mcdonalds .. This like my 3rd day eattin this inna row ;
6-0 that's a little
I learned the hard way, that aint no place where you get
I've sent you a massive list of comments and you still don't notice Harry_Styles Louis_Tomlinson
Actually looking forward to christmas now excited!
Over 16million kicks are homeless or live in motel. So fucking sad
One month till my birthday :)
My stepsister takes my phone and texts people all the time.
Candied Yams ondeck YAM Love D_Mo_Nique AmiRuje GymShoeJunki
Well in 12 hours ill be done for the day
Business date set up!
The sound of the coffee machine in the morning
Takes 15 minutes just to leave my neighborhood
Way to give up completely hogs. You could have easily won, if you didn't make so many dumb mistakes.
Reading those tweets about cute things boys do.....Depressing.
he makes me feel amazing
Shepards pie beans and bread orange lucozade sour skittles
There is no love like the love a dog has for his master/best friend.
Fuck, I'm gonna watch this Expensive Shit video every day now! They're just so fucking good. I'm so glad they're from Pittsburgh.
Going to go watch Tran Siberian Orchestra!
Took a nap today, forgot what that felt like...also glad I missed the match-heard the lads played half decent...cmon now.
feels so good to get back to the gym
MomentsICanNeverforget finding out I was going to be a dad.
Damn get a fucking room.
justinbieber  christmas love is the most beautiful song because someone special for me dedicated that song to me :D
fffergie_FERG heard your not coming to the fergy party....
Last day before my besties head home and they want to try duck embryo-So proud :)
Going to get pedicure and my legs are all hairy
Loved the movie Four Brothers Tyrese know anything on the sequel?
I didn't tweet at all today!!! :)
Im sorry but no, you don't need a coke at 7:30 EVERYMORNING.
Rude cab driver. No tip for you.
justinbieber awesome show tonight :D
winter wonderland next week :) omdddddds
God someone send this itch to her room!!!!
Fuck bus drivers piss me off, next time ill fuckin hit you,
ILikeItWhen people make smart decisions. proud. (:
davidwebbshow Stranahan oh shit! Very funny. They should pay you for that timing.
la_danille hit reply to my post. you are just posting it without saying who you are talking to. Yes - I might have a dog!
fear factor >>> KendallJenner 's sweet16 ? what wrong with you people...
yeeey, get to open my advent calender tomorrow!
thatawkwardmomentwhen some kid is reciting high tweets during a smoke sesh
Heard the most obserd thing today
The only person I take comfort in is myself.
Just because a task is important, doesn't mean it can't be fun, find the joy.
Thu_ways But eish the farting part?
Feel like the first day of school,.
My tattoo itches. Getting a touchup and adding on soon!
KAREN JUST MADE BURST INTO TEARS AGAIN....
After aaaaaaaaages of wanting one, thanks to my husband I finally have a cherry print dress
Officially giving up alcohol after yesterday
Not only is it a great day when you eat Chik Fil A, but when they give you your meal free it is even better!
rahintelligence Peace Rahintelligence I've neva met u before but I've heard ur work and I love it!!!CatChWReck put me on to u!
Sigh, i want to go home!!
There is dirt in my iPhone case and I can't get it out....
Why don't people let the people who were originally on the elevator, that need to get off, get off before they decide to ambush it?
sun is back, smile is back! Goodmorning twitters!
Kristytara LornaTolentinoF Love_PiaT ann3a Everyone wish my friend GraceFirmeza Goodluck for broadway show Dream Girls!! Excited!
Tommy broghan lost overboard if shinfein throws him a ladder will climb aboard it's a pity the hole f'n lot wasn't lost
When white people dont wash there hands
julieLAWL hahahahah I literally just laughed out loud at your chris brown tweet
Having a crappy everything! Can't sleep either..
I haven't smiled this much in so long.
whitehouse $40 per week has been put toward my student loans and saving for more school. I guess finishing college may have to wait
Ive been really calm spiritd lately.
(Squeal!) We're getting a fam friend a kitty for christmas and I might get to babysit it for a few days
Tilden is a hypocrite
BenCooling stop writing tweets about me
When I go to school in the morning to lift its dark and when I leave it's dark.
Christmas would be so empty if i didnt know the real reason for it
Dinner eating. Now off to my bros to see the Nephew and have a cuppa! :)
tweeting with 3 people surrounding me!!! frustrated!
Ring out the bells again like we did when spring began, wake me up when September ends.
Had an amazing Turkey Day. So much laughter, it was awesome. I haven't laughed that hard in months.
Get a touchdownnn. No, of course not.
Just found a great sample, my fingers are itching...excited !!!
Things That Need To Stop - NBA Lockout, that is some major bullshit
When will I get my car back???
daniellehernx so I defo just got silver ToBeHonest thought I'd go simple ;) + got some new plans for my hair
We Don't Even Fuck Nomore we Make
D_Woodard_KU its at about 3 oz right now, I'd love to share one with you but your in Missouri!
I Hate When People Type Like This . <3
Jayy_Cee16 lol but everybody seen it...
It is all about electric blankets in bed!
Not even close to tired and im waking up at 5a.m
One number times that I play the fool And two are the boxes I packed for you We're over if you want some numbers.
so ready for tonight!
Xander + Face Time = HILARIOUS.
she's done cooking =)
I wanna send love out to RoyalFam_Ent , everyone else I met this year! And I'm thankful for yall in my life
Sipping Earl grey and having an Audrey Hepburn marathon.
cant wait to be coming home!!! less than a month to go Excited!
I thought dinkytown had bomb parties ?
ready for this game to start!
Headingley_Fox where have u been u little tinker haven't seen you round the streets of headingly for days
texting my aunt about my plane ticket to NY =)
God has blessed me with some wonderful friends here in N.C. A great group of people that I truly enjoy spending time with.
I just want to tweet about being happy all day. And if I'm lucky, someone else will be happy because of it.
so glad i dont have to go to school 2mro.
Receiving our first ever online donations! Thank you for the support.
It's amazing to me how little Walmart employees know about the place they work at.
I really want to know my grades on the exams I already took
On my way to jingle ball:)
Tomorrow will be great (:
Going Brent Cross with clarabecc_ :) - Then rihanna Tonight at the 02!
can't stop thinking about winter break! 2 weeks!!!!
I know what my next tattoo will be
overnightprints No surprise no resolution/response after specific request & confirmation  order placed in time for next-day.
Just experienced a 10 minute spur of bad luck
Happy Friday w/ my ppl......
Happy turkey day everybody :) feeling blessed for everything I have.
She supports me in EVERYTHING I do! & even when the whole world is crashing down on me she gives me strength.
Piano is Somthing I enjoy doing, I don't wanna ruin that by rushing my pace for pointless concerts. frustrated :/
dont wanna lose again
lets face it , im going to spend another night home in bed and the worst part about it is that im going to be alone .
Gimik time with college friends. :)
heathyoung Mine only does when I'm on wifi
I hate my grade. annoyed samyejo alex_rudolph4
Finally time to go grocery shopping...
Crying like the little bitch that I am. depressed.
aggravated and have no idea why
Little one it'll be okay , cause I'll be your big sister sad : /
My last tweet ,inspired by fine_gurl.
HazetheFaze god it's the family you can't sit there this is for your dad so I say wait one second nope I actually get moved Lol
Ughhhh i wish i could go back to school what am i gonna do for the next month and a half
justinbieber OMG you and mariahcarey rocked the all i want for christmas is you music video!!! PROUD !!!11
This girl os playing a flute ,,
Love when people say they know certain people just so they can get into the bar for free..
OMG..can't believe Henry died on Grey's! I LOVED HIM!
We've been in NY for a day and a half and we're almost out of stuff to do.
HollysHere I understand I'll never forget what happened to caylee she deserved a happy life!
Just can't stop looking for you.
ocho_uno_81 _BREnana_Split no love?? really!?! one cut after another
Read someone's tweet out loud to my family not realizing it had a sexual double meaning
Some acceptance would be nice. He means something to me, deal with it.
Haushinkadaz haha:p like when it makes shit into shut? rage x
I'm not prepared for Christmas...it just crept up on me
Ive never been more proud to be a trojan. Such an amazing season boys!
A Quarter-Pounder Meal
Happy Thanksgiving to all! Especially to my wonderful family. You are the best and very thankful you are all part of my life.
Why does my internet always suck whenever I want to watch videos on vimeo?
teen mom 2 in a month !
I hate when apps on my Android cell phone don't work fast enough.
Blessin came to da kid ..
aa_cosey what's good niccas out here fam??? snakes smh
why do people feel the need to lie?
MlleMimy Poster x 1000 sur ton armoire cramé
I love the
U got that saggy wearin depends booty. O_o sad !
My mom went 2 sleep and its only 9:53
Gettin forwarded to voicemail is almost as bad as getting hung up on...
nadieaaeidan Ok I'll go, but she just replied. AGAIN!
Bearded Jude law not a fan :( haha!! disappointed!
Breaking Dawn with my
ESPNDari None of our Heisman winners were there!
My lunch @ 16 : 32 ... Disappointed.
TheNameIsJV good shit on dancing for Nikki bro looks like your doing big shit in life
sdrenick not this week. ;-) Next week absolutely. We're 1/3 of the way through final dress at the BEST show. I mean, House of Yes.
all the glitters come off my cast
I think I'm going to start a diary/journal again maybe it will help my aniexty, cuz I'm too young for this!
my sisters soo dramatic
If i knew the number of people who've almost hit my car while driving, i probably woundn't be driving
Ryan just caught me talking to my delicious chocolate peppermint bark.
can't get cher lloyd's song out of my head
ginarees i love ready meals, but i actually have no food in this house
Diva_Danielle uh oh, glad to see a fellow college
WWEgames Looking forward to WWE12 on Tuesday
Wish I could slap 5 on this bitch ass spammers mentioning my name
At the end of the day we all want to leave this world in better shape than we came in it. What RU doing to ensure this B true?
Can Blackberry please enable a function in BBM that allows users to disable broadcast messages from other users!
Tired of people being so mean to me. I can deal with it but after so much it gets to you.....
SWAMMIE1 LOOOL man was throwing bottles at her uno
last 5 minutes of being a teen..
MOtheTRUTH ohhhhhh shyt!!!! thats gonna be funny to watch lol
i hate walking in the rain and getting raindrops all over my glasses
Fed up with being
salimfaik why didn't you say hi to me?!?
havent took my contacts out in a month proubly
Kid_doyou girl!!!! I'm so down! Let's make it happen
mourneseafood yum! Gorgeous lunch of mussels with a glass of mourne stout!
HighlandHamish jackmcwestie bonniethewestie ham ham, I'm here darling. What's the matter with your ear worried x
I need a new phone
i got like 4 weeks or so till i leave tuscaloosa for good...
would like to meet one person who cares about something besides themselves
wait so what's gucci with this nba lockout ?
ChelseyTyrie not too bad just settlin down now!!!
I think my backspace key is dying on me... it keeps jamming.
brendzie I'm good babe. U alright?? I know it's been time. Wen u heading back for Xmas??
My mind thinks im running but im really not
I am happy I am eating tacos I am listening to Rudolph the Red-nosed Reindeer.
Woke up this morning and discovered i was fucking blocked by her:/ WTF, uhmm harsh much
I usually love being home alone, but right now I just want someone to talk to.
I can step on all ten toes juss by sayin one lil sumpt.!
AmirahJayde awww sis love ya long time .... You r one the nicest people I ever met a
Need someone to snuggle with during the holidays
GoudeauBoi kmsl plez don't; cuz ima run right own outta there!!! Lol
there is a selected few things I hate and one of them is waiting!!!
ND I AINT BEEN SENSE I WAZ LITTLE
i've been there for you...so why cant you do the same for me. irritated.
Lol AlexxNicole22 for not knowing how pale white girl faces get! You were looking around in disgust! meghanXprice Co_Williams
Work just paid for my lunch
Started making my outfit for Lauren's fancy dress party.
well we can't even be friends a whole day w/o fallin out. .its
on my way to moms wedding cant wait!!
Kids who talk about politics
No more of the walking dead till February ):
heather_baird_x well done today! you did absolutely amazing! 
High skul days~buying cheap porn movies downtown..
When do Christmas movies start?!
Can't wait for tomorrow!
im hunqry as hell...n da next stop aint til a hour..
Talking to a stranger
hmwheelerox wish I could retweet that
Well, today I get started working on some tracks for an upcoming album....excited :-)
Charlotte_1000 I'll look in primark then cheers. Sorry bout the late reply my twitter wasn't loaded annoying xxx
T-an hour till gun game<3
Thought I had it in the bag; but didn't WPPFellowship ! I rly gave it my all!
SlyFive Supress the emotions Chris, supress them!
Who do people say yeah like 100000000 times after each sentence?
Nu lekker in badje happy!!
Dr. Phil is Serious today damn Father rapping his kids n shit
i was sooo hyper today..
Moving back to wynnewood next week!
Crew love in my head and I don't even like crew love
I hate when people scream and yell and try to turn shit around on u when they are in the wrong
Time to fly! St. Louis. Here I come! And I'm gunna see my parents! :D thankful kublife. coastaldance.
CameronAllStar Selena is coming to Argentina on February 9th. I wish u guys be coming with her but I realize that it's not possible :(
If TinchyStryder goes in celebrity big brother, I will actually die. Habdudnysuidnhdfsiss!!!!! excited !
By this time 2mrw i'll be in line for BreakingDawn! :D yeeee buddy! Excited!
That's wat I'm saying!! “itzelbl: They need to put the list up for soccer already frustrated”
Just peeked in one of my presents
Bummer. My photos are non existent.
SheAint_Maid oh shit lol embarrassed -__-
lol...i wish i had some more of them ihop pancakes ugh!!!
the way people carries their self just
Almost fall break!
P_TOM I heard actor Elias Toufexis voice in the trailer (Adam Jensen & Andre Kobin from Splinter cell) what role does he play?
Random hashtags when writing my tweets are so relevant to me.
Few pints of beer at the GuinnessFactory in DUBLIN perhaps tomorrow? Hehe
I'm off to see the wizard..
Bexst8r I know! What am I going to do!
I thought you was the shit, but I see you just full of it......
fucking deliver my goods! that is all. thankyou and goodnight!
Lupol just upset he got a bad room. Proud to see the B-lo peeps standing up for the city vs. standing by.
Supa_Tuka I got that nigga in my fantasy league
Can't even wait
ReckklessYouth -- my heart melted onto this screen on this photo.. Lol.
KandaceCanaday whatever you say kc! disappointed :(
Just saw a little bit of snow here....then it went away.
Game time in dc. rage.  beers.
I just wrote my big brother a letter I haven't wrote a letter in forever...but can not wait for him to write me back
I would get pulled over
Smoke sausage sandwich is my greatest creation
ann_E you get my references <3
ah kay ma BB bitching -.- kmt.. cant get ma twitter notifs.. really?
Ain't nothing like friends your can call family!!!
Thankful for everything God has done for me from11/28/1989 till Now!!!
Camran's so cute, gave me flowers made me dinner and it was a lovely night :)<3
Going to bed early so that tomorrow comes quicker
LMAO woke up to 6 texts from people telling me it's snowing... I just woke up and the snow is basically melted and gone.
Tonight is gonna be what I need, just me and my mentors smoking and dicussing life.
Omg it seems like i've written the very last XmasCard for this season. I'm such a good   Santa's helper! LOL
12 days 'till professor green at barrowlands eeeeeeeek
Gonna wear my SamanthaFaiers tee out tonight just so all the girls no she's my mrs and don't try it
Alicialoiler5 I kill you
Love having my grandma and sissy here with me!!
bhawley susandeisenroth betty_kaspar Thanks for all the encouragement!
And another free period ;O! Thanks god T.Amal is absent! HAPPINESS *.*
but I think I did it.
Will is about put so many miles in between us for break
Black Friday shopping was really awkward. annoyed dj80hd720 BozzyBoz miles_mcroy
Apparently masked Kane returns on last nights raw
The awkward moment is when you say you gone kill yo self on twitter and no one responds sad.
That's my maneee  & this time nothing is break us apart!
I have an Anthropologie gift card burning a hole in my wallet. I have the best friends.
Yaaaay! I get to see my Gabs NotesfromaG sooN
That burning sensation in your body…
In my happy place!
I just tried the ^Let it snow^ thingy in Google.the Google became blury after 5 seconds. Annoying. HAHA
Thanks for throwing me out on the side of the street. lonely sanford_nate
Arrow all the fcken knees
Why do I have to do everything?? you could help....
really happy...feeling really blessed right now...
it would ne nice if i could get some effort in return.
When your girlfriend comes off her period.
 Skye: Thatawkwardmoment when you shout the wrong answer in class with confidence...
I cant wait for school tomorrow so i can get the hell away from all of you.
When girls post annoying tweets thinking people will feel sorry for them. doesn'twork
dougiemcfly and MarkWright_ have the cutest bromance ever
No people I'm not going to central so quit asking
i hadd the best day wid the loves of my lifee  Siddiq&Chyinique they mean the world to meee <3 thankful !
Steeler game and Pitt basketball tonight, good end to this holiday weekend.  Back on my grind tomorrow.
Yesterday was National Child Day. How come I didn't get anything from my parents?!?
Remembering the 70th Anniversary of PearlHarbor today. We continue to salute our VUAlums who have served!
Dress ripped not going to homecoming
I hate fightin...but i'd fight in a heartbeat for yu!
Can't wait till YummItsJosh loses his virginity.
Why won't itunes let me buy lady gaga's album?!
JulieCarney27 world of pain... But, got up,bought decorations & a Christmas tree! I also got a bottle of vino to take the edge off!
Loves when everything going right can all of a sudden turn around and head in the wrong direction.
KirPatt62 You got a twitter! :D
Sitting here watching the football game and sharing a bowl of popcorn with adalyn. Loving it.
Off to Launceston tomorrow with JetstarAirways for 'Sally's Ride' on Sunday: 95km up and down the Tamar Valley. Going to be tough!
idontcnobodi ain't told nobody!!!dey go s*** dey selves!!!!lol
Viafore's closes before 5? What? What am supposed to eat for dinner?!
Today was the day I broke down in tears because I realized my life was falling down & everyone I care about was leaving me ! sad /:
I need to take a dump but I'm at walmart and I'm poo-shy
Im always tired but I can never fall asleep at night...
Call me crazy but I actually want a WhiteChristmas this year.
I'm probably gonna have to ditch my friends to do some studying at home.
nice lazy day in today! so excited for christmas now going to watch loads of christmas films whilst parents on in trafford shopping happy x
Got me some Marks Mart for supper and some wine...date night with my fiance! Wish this workday would hurry :)
I don't know how a house can have so many memories
thank-you for afternoon tea Slievedonard me and annamcd535 LOVED it!! Such a wee treat, we'll be back soon!! Thank-you :) slieve Bliss!!
everyone has competitions today and i wanna cry because i SHOULD BE competing but i cant this year cause of the freaking economy:'(
Break out the glow sticks, it's time for a m-effing victory dance *Queue techno music*
Moving back to the house...
chaddbrooks Thanks! Just went and looked it up and am now excited. My churches don't do advent but YouVersion has reading plans!
To do:  [ ] Get ugly Christmas sweater.  Ready for Wednesday;  Ugly Sweater Day at school :)
Just got maineysdomain23 graduation announcement!!
` tht shower this morning >>>>>>>>
MusicMaaad one of those was me! heheee
Going after what i deserve f-you if you don't like it. annoyed.
family guy is literally the best show ever.
Jesus woke us up this morning!
kscrima got my iPhone I'm obsessed
Sooooo hungryyyyyyy tummy kept rumbling the whole day, in the lib and class lol can't wait for food. Breakfast, lunch and dinner :D
Why these hoes followin me on twitter
Stop complaining about your shit and do something to fix it
I can see right thru u and I have to pretend that I went blind just to be able to talk to u.
I want to be happy!
Happy Veterans Day to the Vets even when it isn't.
When guys overreact <<
So thankful for my TRUE friends, that have been in my life for 20 + years sophephe Char_LuLu...
Nice to see the family but miss goin and doin whatever I want...and now I have to drive to get somewhere.
Once in awhile, Right in the middle of an ordinary life, Love gives us a fairy tale. You're my fairy tale
essenceonline b/c she & fam won't accept fact that MJ was an addict; they need/want to blame someone other than MJ.
walker1088 This time next year
Because ImIranian_Bitch  signed in with my iPod I'm getting all his notifications
Bia is in active labor now. On viber with Danny. I feel like I'm just outside the delivery room. Thank God for technology.
justinbieber I KNOW THINGS ABOUT YOU THAT YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW ABOUT YOURSELF. AND YOU? WELL YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW MY NAME.. depressed 26
Managed to cry 4 times at 101 Dalmatians...
Cannot wait to see what 2012 brings excited x
The Game is back on January 10.  Yay!  Another few hours of my life dedicated to watching real people lead fake lives.
Love my sister soo much go follow her jesskaulback
GOSH, I hate when acquaintances' babies look like shit & they post pics of their ugly g'damn faces on Facebook & shit.
Can't wait to book my trip to la!!!!
oh matthew mcconaughey could you look any better in that dolce and gabbana commercial?
I'm going through some phantom beard feelings
wekidrauhl WOW I LOVE THE WAY U THINK!!!! its a bad thing to admure someone?? NOO!!!
KGross16 no way! Why would you say that?! hurt..
go to school in the dark, leave school in the dark
People need to stop talking i can't hear myself sing. annoyed!
this guy at best buy is about to get punched in the face!
Maaaannn today is the worse sunday of all time! depressing.
The look on my brothers faces when they see the characters is priceless <3
Ear to ear n big eyez ...
Anxiously waiting for my final grades to be posted.
Feels like I've been drinking an inappropriate amount of wine so far this holiday season. Watching willandkate insider story!!
Hawks Kings game in bed with my man.
Salimos para el Casino
Will max branning ever pick his feet up when he walks!!!
Love being home alonee, but hate having nothing to do lonely :(
Smokers lungs never quite return to normal, but after 10 years the chance of developing lung cancer drops by about half
Im thankful that i have my health
Report Cards come out today . Nervous =|
Just tripped going up the stairs at work
Thanks for all the kind birthday wishes today!!  It's been a good day despite the rain!!
Well I can most definitely get used to this...
Two weeks until we get class rings. excited c/o2014
Greyson is AWESOME in the Hold On Til The Night video. He has come so far since Waiting Outside The Lines :')
Cant wait to get up for work at 5.30 2morro! excited NOT !!!
not a fan of you
the death of most friendships PRIDE...
Early christmas present for meeee! New laptop! Thank you AAElworthy so so happy :)
Taking Christmas pictures with the boo in two weeks
ladygaga can't wait ekkkk
BreakingDawn today EXCITED :D :D
All I see is peons
Been working on stats for over an hour now. Have literally gotten nowhere. I'm doing the best I can, and nothing is happening.
Laying on the couch watching kung fu panda I love being home
If you can't handle me at my worst you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
AlfredoFlores you didn't say 'Happy Birthday' to me, on my Birthday.....
Less than one hour til my bday!
Done for the day. Liking the reviews for Manila Kingpin. It'll turn into a classic hit,would love to watch
Finally! I've been waiting for weeks! jimmyfallon on snl!
Rondo to Indiana? F off Danny Ainge.
Only 2 people wore ugly sweaters.
Seriously need someone to vent to so bad right now.. But no one ever wants to listen to me. Whatever depressed..
I find it kind of weird that everyone around me in Algebra falls asleep and snores, then wakes up violently while I'm writing..
I have to write an obituary for myself for a class...
So fucking sick of this town.
Like im about to go outside and break this hoe!!
90 minute liang xin rub, chee meng chicken rice after.
registered for a class at ga, got sick and emailed that i could barely get out of bed, and never heard back
None of my tweets with pictures are sending, whyisthis!???
I have the urge to go out and collect more quotes now.
` Why is my mom soooo LOUD !
Mum got me sushi :D
SaraViscardi ahahhaa sei top. Ma a me signora mi fa sentire vecchia.
The worst feeling is waiting to hear from the person who gives you the best feeling
ColleenCrider :( our Bills are not holding up any more....
Nina Chazz and Yauna whipped up a stupid dinner.
Done worrying I'm perfectly happy with myself
SFBikeExpo with danvuquoc Then SanJoseSharks later tonight with jaytronzero!
Slightly embarrassed that I thought WHU were playing Burnley today. Just got home and found out it was actually Barnsley
L's test on Thursday.
Oooo bb internet fijn dat ik het weer heb
Love is easy to feel but the hardest thing to let it go.
ja1me_ walked into ur suite cause I thought u didn't hear my knocks. Then walked into ur room...
Can't wait to see my girls tonight
I wish I could tell you just what you do to me.
I have no life and no friends
Brittuhnyy  OMG. I KNOW. IT DOESN'T EVEN DO ANYTHING. NO FUCKING POINT.
BLESSED to see another day! Thankful =)
talking to my heels like they can talk back, bc im left in the house by myself!
I am so fucking stoked for tonight it's not even funny. Can not wait to see all of my friends!!
No worries ill be fine after I cry myself to sleep tonight:(
Baking brownies and watching findong nemo with the fam
Everyone has been telling me to play pick up games with the guys at the Y...I want to but I'm
So my bf just said I'm not his 1 priority! His job is! WTF! sad TimeForThingsToChange !
Can't wait to get home this weekend!!!
Obsessed with temple run...
I want a massage
Trying to say something in a crowded house
just re-hit a dead raccoon !!!
My patients is running super low today .
if these weakk ass eggs don't STOP mentioninn me.
yad_faeq try the new song oif rihana we found love ;)
Lol yuh claim seh him a yuh man but him neva yet mention yuh
Jilliepickle dr_dude mcb00b sarahg0286 I don't know! I'm just really hoping I don't get a penis pic next..... nervous.
Well my pet fish lived for almost 3 days...
I don't know anyone who buys a house because of the realtor's choice of music on the pics page.
guys like you remind me tht im
I should really stop reading the tweets from people who are watching 1D LIVE at this moment:|
` awwee i getta see my girls tonight after 1 year! NazQuReshii is one of them  <3 :)
Facebook has officially turned into a porn website..
sabrinaRosex333 yes such an amazing show well anyway they are coming to Charlotte in January too
Miss Me Jeansss:)<3
TamaraKhotu deal il take u aroma Thai !! U can get ur foot massage dere
Party tonight with AnnelieseLegge JackLeppert  and twitterless Drew Smith at my house
Why can't you just see it like the way I see it
Stressed from finals? No worries, free massages at Bsu.
hanmckenzie movie night is so on !
I'm so excited to start work tomorrow !
Pandora commercials blow nuts
Crawled out my bed and the whole family is napping
“tetemusic: Est ravi de partir a Portland demain!/is thrilled he's flying to Portland,Oregon tomorrow! happy teteinpdx”enjoy!!
linzherdscats turns out it was written by his girlfriend.
Who decided to discontinue the brownie melts from mcdonaldss ?!?!
I have seen Avril Lavigne way too much lately, why is she everywhere?
Things are going to change as soon as I get home.
Dang, Houston went undefeated till they very last game..that's that
RampaciousRyan both were/ are very good. Also had starbucks. You no work.
19-57 from the field, 1 scorer in double digits & out rebounded 39-27......WE CANT WIN THAT WAY!! AND OUTCOACHED!
I hate it when people are short.
brother is coming home from uni today
so my day went xtremely well...
Mylessbarlow ohmyfak! just missed like the whole show! this is bull.
Besides it being 11/11/11. Thanks for the veterans who fought for me to keep me safe to this day.
Getting Hair Dome Date:Saturday Time:2:00 Wea:Purple Place Lmfao  Happy Af ! (: (: (;
See you tomorrow night silentsanctuary & ntstrangers!:D tseeno aalibre firvee45 pjlavina wheredidjp YAY! 
Grrrrr......... The love i have for music
Got accepted to western illinois!!!!
Damn I'm staying home tonight.. I feel like ass.
Just saw a shooting star (:
@ this point I dnt plan on stopping!! I want this iiish 4ever!!
Tomorrow is the last day of school xD
Had the BEST conversation everrrrrrr with my bff! :D   *dancing*
Have you noticed no one is listening to you? I think your talking just to hear yourself talk.
NP You Da One ...song is fireee rihanna ...always making hit records 
Leavin duh block headed to the burbs
last day of math help excited yetsad </3
Another day at work..Magento...won't be too long now bfre my much awaited trip...
SamsungSupport and you wonder why everyone is going to apple? That's why, forgetting the customers that got the galaxy going...
and my parents are leaving again, another week of chaos
Another beautiful day. Counting blessings today and everyday
And i can honestly say i dont miss him no more . ! proud . movingon . <3
As ONE we stand. okstate TheVic34 heatherlee_13 Luv_Lindsey 4evaYOUNG15 LJayyx3 BritBallin_22 and the rest of my cowgirls!
Yay good job KeishaCrum: Placed 3rd in the job seeking skills HOSA competition!
I love this feeling. I hope for the best <3
Way to ruin a goodnight
Uploading on YouTube is a lot faster!! Usually a 5 minute video would take me an hour but not anymore !!
I kept wondering why my toe nail hurt like crap. I have a blood clot underneath it ..
Wow! What a beautiful day in Columbia Missouri!!!
How is it that I've been studying for this math test ALL day and I still keep getting like all these questions wrong?
only three ppl on my tl....
thekingtroy you ain't no help dude Sad !
kaysooo welcome to twitter! :) see ya in a 12 days!
Tine for some shut eye. Can't wait for my bestfrand to spend the night tmw! :D <3
Oh it's sooooooo nice to be at home and in bed.
I love how my dog always wants to cuddle with me
hexachordal what's worse is this isn't America only. They'll halt the servers and, in effect, censor the world.
my eye is twitching...
mariaacardenas no goodbyes or hellos to me
Im thankful for my depaulfam Love_DocHarper KariceG21 williamehall delwoodworks Tricia_Prodigy
Just made it home frm Drink Houston, was gone hit up Breakerz but my mind is on Quenton. Crazy thing is, idk where our futurr lies-.
Just ordered my BlackpoolZoo keeper academy hoodie!
Cracked my effing iPod. Fml.  angry.
Hopin2bHappy u r taking 2 steps forward :)
When you get all hyped up for rugby, turn up and it's cancelled
People nowadays, they like twisting shit around so that they can become anal about shit and what not!
I hate that people never remember the real meaning of christmas
This question I just asked could be bad or good
havent drank since my last saturday at OU
Still can't get over being followed by MillaJovovich last nyt! U can tell from her tweets that she really appreciates her fans :) Love xxx
now to try to do my hair around my tattoo....we'll see how this goes.
BE The Miracle in Your Miraculous Life ~ Lori Moreno
Would appreciate whoever is mucking about with the internet to stop now please
Kayana_ your addicted to sexual songs
Its now me, my sister and a bottle of riesling....
malbackstrom i lied, the game is in Con tonight! And ill be there... But you wont :(
My cousin that never talks to me posted on my fb wall. I was surprised until it was a post about it being my move on wwf disappointment :|
Interview at Cinemark on Saturday!!
I just checked the 2012 Summer Tour schedule and no DCI events even remotely close to El Paso
talkSPORTDrive what's with the empty seats at wembley?
JasonsolDJ I hear ya player! I can proudly say I didn't watch a single episode of that shit. Thankful lol
RockBand I don't see anything yet!
“ItsJenniB How could you ever harm a child? sad”
ashlyndouglas can't wait to see you!
I have man handwriting..
Rockstar: Its about the Middle Finger __|__
Got some fantastic news this morning! Hopefully I'll be able to share in the new year.
my big sis ItzMe_Jordan hit the shit out of my computer and she made it shut down and i had 2 log back on now im mad at her
HerAttraction i jusst burned some of your songs on a cd and sent them to some radio stations right along with mines
Boring day so far
A close to another great day, a sigh and peace of mind.
Work from 11-5 then going out with one of my friends I met during my disney internship :]
God has been faithful...
BossmanMess well thank you so much thats
don't get your sidekick to fight your battles.
always a lovely dinner at atchafayla cafe.
S/O the bitches who couldn't handle they lq last night.
Karen Jennings of UNISON should win the 'Troll of the Century' award for being a completely and utterly pathetic, whiny cow.
so tiredddddddddddddddddddddd, but babysitting Camden til 11
Mr_Buzz82 way to lie to me. hurt.
train journeys are longggg! Looking forward to seeing my girlies later though excited!!!
just watched hachi for the first time
Finally got my license renewed. Did good at work. Came home to my mother doing half of my HRM exam for me.
Just got home!!my eyes are heavy!!.................................nope!!bath n then I'm off with besty to pierce the ears!!....
torisaba I hope you like surprises! SURPRISE!!
awwww im such a sucker, for him...
Not feeling this paper today. And uhm can someone say AP psych exam... It better be like Mr. Pecks
J'ai pas fait mes en faite. HAN PUTAIN J'AI PAS FAIS MES DEVOIRS
sara_xoxoo you too sweetie , thank yeu love !!!
Y does it rain every sat during summer?? I wanna play cricket!!
Holy shit! nervous anxiety PUKE!
Lifes Good. Could be worst so I aint even complaining
Why do people feel the need to ruin shit for everyone
Really miss having friends to hangout and do everything with. lonely /:
sometimes alcohol is cool. other times it just gets in the way.
Girls.. The most difficult phase of your life is not when no one understands you; it's when you don't understand yourself.
One thing I like about being single
It's just one thing after another and I just want to fucking tumble.
Messed up tooth, messed up toe- anything else coming my way? Haha
can the oline get a push please?
One final down, one more to go today!
they haven't watched avps.
charzash  your phone you gave me isnt activating -_______-
Is it everyone rape the fuck outta godfathers tonight?
When your alarm clock tells you that you only are going to get 6 hours of sleep...such a
Got a cramp in my HAND doing breaststroke.
Never been so disappointed in my life, my parcel was a bank card reader...
Christmas in 29 days? Omg. EXCITED.
annagrittman I better not ever see that shit again
Good night everyone and NYC, off to Alaska on Friday for carpentry work and the holidays!
, well my Pre-Cal Semeter Exam, I usually make A's on my tests
Felt A little off yesterday. Full on sick today. Why does this always happen on my time off work?
I walked by Joyce just to get a candy cane and she didn't give me one
There's just something about diet coke
Happy, happy, happy, happy, happy.. happy!!!
How I Met Your Mother
xtlawrenceks Need to put the PJSportscaster with your last tweet. You're lucky I have my timeline up. And you did use a hashtag.
Miss Piggy shouldn't be allowed to sing
My government laptop acting slow today!
Hell yeah hell yeah hell yeah fuckin right fuckin right fuckin right
Harbor Docks for dinner  
Makes yu happy just sitting next to him. Thats
brewner I tried 5 dif programs. Sprint shuts down the signal after a few mins, or phone keeps resetting.
Sometimes you just have to know when to shut up and leave.
Seen marley and me for like the 15th time and it still gets me.
already got some good idea in my mind. :)
Being attacked by the shower curtain is the most annoying!
Wake an ready for my interveiw!
i got you a present!
Shocked with myself but pround                                                                               Proud(:
It's beginning to look a lot like christmas!* Moniica_parra andreaespinozaa
the new fries from Burger King are so bad
Hate when I can't sleep.
Take in the moment! TommyBracco: Rehearsing in front of Macy's for the Thanksgiving parade!
Still waiting on my TM 103
Hanging with my BF, my daddy coming home, AND getting a beautiful new car! I couldn't ask for a better day
Hypocrites so many in this world now a days
i stay thirsty for more.
RayRayNoNo7  I still get butterflies even though I've seen you a hundred times
big shout to my brother JonJ_305 .. put out two classic wale vids in one week ambitiousgirl barrysanders. proud drefilms
Im home and going to take a nap in my bed.
Updating to the new Looker app kogeto
I must be adopted normal mothers don't yell your name across department stores
Thought I could go to bed early, but everyone has to be so god damn loud..
These french fries are freezer burnt.
lizzieblue22 so far all we have is minnie mouse and me on top of a  girraffe..
It wasn't really worth it, kit kat yoghurts, not as good as they sound
It's My BIRTHDAY .. Finally 18 :)
Today my ma&I were driving,i was turnin,it was clear&this bitch comes flyin down the st out of nowhere,thank I stopped when I did
you have a cell phone so when I text you text me back
BrunoBrussels Red red red, all I see is a sea of red on my portfolio, bloody hell with the euro pls sort themselves out do sumin
my twitter just randomly unfollows people on its own?
Bout to watch the change up & hangover 2 then bed. Tomorrow should be soooo good
Rex Grossman should go downn inn HISTORY as onee of the WORST nfl playerssss EVER . he ruined himself by playinng for the DEADSKINSS .
Just followed flyPAL :) see you on February!!! :) haha :)
CARDINALS WIN!!!!!! I KNEW THEY COULD DO IT!!!!!
hate that call centers can now call my cell..
Blake_Joseph hahah yeah him and soulja boy need to end their rap career now
I need a nice warm bath with whole bunch of bubbles nd some soothing music...nd a glass a wine
lollll love getting bitched at for things I didn't do
WHY ME?! Seriously! Why do I only attract perverts?! the only good guy I have a chance with isn't even pursuing me anymore.
twitter is for tweeting. totally different from facebook. I dont tweet too much. if you dont like how much I tweet, unfollow me.
Thanksgiving at my grandmas with a bunch of family!!
I could fall asleep on this drive home..
Damn Christmas shopping. Everyone on my list is getting money
Liverpool are picking villa apart
video editing.... pain in my ass!
waiting for some retaliation....nervous haha :)
home and watching 25days of christmas
This will be the last night I will ever sleep again with an unnormal knee
Step dad cuzin gt hit by a car on the freeway
Well This Should Be An Interesting Day.  Let's See How It Plays Out.
Chuck and Blair.
Candy cane lane just doesnt look like it did when i was a kid
Where is the mute button for the people sitting behind me on the bus who have been talking a mile a minute for the past 45 min. >.<
Wonder how late I'll be here tonight...already clocked out & have at least another hour of work
Xiujuanting You GO, girl! Relax, celebrate & enjoy! LOVE  :)
I hate working sundayssss
Lungile85819041 what have u done now? Astonished#
Went to the bar and didn't spend a dime
You like to pose so much mets see it again. Haha You think im funny, Lets see it. Now stand like that for the reast if the practice.
Dogs started barking= my friends are here!!!! I run down to jump on them... Its daddy
Hate those apps that stop your music
On the 36 day countdown!!!!
toby keith can always make me smile
Genk are the worst team to ever have been in the champions league
Mañana la Gran Posada Familiar :D *-* !
drHarryBallz welcome to twitter my friend ! Your gonna love it
Hate those nights where you are sooo tired, but your body won't let you go to sleep..
Just finished my history test, oh yeah its december first!!! 25 days of Christmas starts tonite
Girls are so hard to figure out. I feel
Hope I can make it to the game.
Got a good morning text from Illest_Dj_Mahn ..! Wooooooooww
I fill up my own twitter feed
When you have a dream involving the celebrities you are obsessed with! KimKardashian msm4rsh MissKatiePrice
Oh my gosh. Why must my neighbors be so loud? annoying.
LulFrankiee they're wayy more fun
Yes n yo voiceRT __Leslieeee: I'll never understand people being okay with not having their own money, and constantly begging!!
new boots ordered from river_island :)
In the bed by myself.....
Just 5 more sleeps until rihanna :) now there is a proper countdown Steenydancer HFashionA
laurens70rgn yeah ave been here for 2 years twitterhag and never got a reply! A really one just one from JohnBishop100 or AlanCarr sad!
Yay! Bartender only charged me for one drink ;-)
Another Bear's loss... I know they can do better and have faith
having poems read to me
Waaa I'm such a boring texter
I thank God for the moments lik this
bet if i had some dick before i went to sleep i wudnt be up right now
When people make a big deal about jack shit
Such a better day today than yesterday....
I'm glad we didn't play The Citadel today cause they would have beat us the way we are playing
I'm so I'm so I'm so proud of u u went through hell n bac
Kinda mad this girl is doing NFL game predictions on CBS when she doesn't even know what she's talking about
Everyone has the new Canon Rebel but me whyyyyy sad :(
Walking through the mall looking like a dirtball
Thanking god for waking me up this morning! And thanking him for all my blessings....
Actually misses my home...Not the city... Just my family & loved ones still there
It appears the only guys that enjoy spending time with me are young ones. Just my luck ):
shouldve saw it coming shouldve started running a long long time ago
At my cousins crib becks__x3 bout to get my first plate of food....Let this Dolphins/Cowboys begin!
Getting Abbys dog tomorrow to watch for the weekend. This dog is a stud.
Today is gunna be so easy!
Philly chicks get around sad!!!!
Family night! Much needed. Great mood now! Can't wait for thanksgivings!
sister comes home tomorrow ohyeah excited camandcheese
Going to El Paso tomorrow!:))
buhle088 ma condolences hun...kumngan
Why do I come home everyday in a bad mood? annoyed.
class full of freshmen after freshmen elections... annoying.
Bigger needs to hurry up
No matter how mad I get @ my boyfriend...he is a goodfather cantlie so for that I'm
my momma want me to iron her work clothes, ima act like im sleep soo i don't have to do it..
First time making shakin bake chicken
tftcnubrich they just sang red solo cup on glee thought of you
Should have went home this week.
My prices on this hair gotta be Blac Chyna bc these females throwing me money like Im a stripper!!! $$$$$
MagicTouch88 I heard through the grapevine you cooked not to long ago ... and aint tell a homie nothing mane...smh
If this man says 'brother' on the phone once more imma pimp slap him
Ooh, love. Ooh, loverboy. What'cha doin tonight, hey boy?
katelynchurchz3 DID YOU GIVE BRADY THE NOTE?!?!
I envy people who were born without cowlicks.
Guys never listen to girls!
Twilight:Breaking Dawn Part 1 thursday nite
love something realy crazy,we give evreything waiting nothing.
cant wait to get off work and then head to gym..
O-M-G!!!!! I just saw my next Louis Vuitton bag!! And its monogram stripped!!
1st diabetic counseling session today
Ready for my mom to come home
KeepnUpWith_JAZ He here 8.3oz 20in im a DADDY!!!
Performing with Encore today for the elementary schools! :)
Getting unrelated-to-work phone calls at work.
Is going to be in work for 48 hours this week
getting my picture taken with santa&my bestfriend at the mall friday<3
I have the appetite of a 400 lb man lol
so it's about that time to get some of my newmusic!! DoinBigThingz
4yo in bed, hubby going out, so just me and teen in tonight
My car smells good now
Raiderettes made history today. So proud of my team!
So ready for break!
Look for a new ride!
THIS SHIT LOOKS SO GOOD.
Practice was lame asl today!
Missed the ravens game only to beat UTC by about 15
Good Evening Philippines ! Welcome December =)) Christmas is coming ! happy <3
A guy that could sing usher you got it bad to me ahhh
Idk if I let anybody down, but I let my self down.
sitting in starbucks listening to people pour their hearts out to each other over coffee in a public place.
These amazing gentlemen have inspired me this week! Thank you for giving them your FollowFriday Love dgmercier ilawton Soulseedzforall
So glad my stomach started making dinosaur noises during my test
Why does Facebook cause so much trouble?
Just had my first big mac ever
In the christmas mood today cant wait for christmas day with all the fam its gonna be a good day!!
This girl ask for gum EVEEEERY day.. Omg..
Why do I get random tweets from random ppl I don't know that don't make any sense?
why the fuck didnt he callllllll
Amazing how piss-poor customer service Comcast offers.
ladya44 agreed. ESP when one of them is your boyfriend.
Endie91 nobody cares justsoyouknow. Jk
Vickys secret fashion on Tuesday!
I can never let him go and neither can he <3
Bout to. be a great day
Going to Troy this weekend!!! Can't wait to hang out with my high school besties!! Also just happy to get out of this town...
_YeaItzMe_ lol. Life without school, huh?
So, Dubai Bangkok Koh Tao Chiang Mai Bangkok Burma Laos Bangkok Sydney Byron Bay Brisbane Cairns Hong Kong Dubai Home.
wish math didn't exist...
Just parked crooked as shii
Aw my lovely boyfriend is making me tea&toast so i dn't hav 2 tke a neurofen on a empty stomach & I can hear him feedin the cats too!
That one best guy friend you can tell anything**** to.
Looking for the right fire place to warm my heart
who would have thought that a group that came third in x factor would get debut album of the year..thats onedirection for you!
I feel like youngstretch 's mixtape ImTakingEverything is about to be dope.
Causing someone else pain for your happiness
A lot of girls go From Bad to Str8 bad...
Dance off with CarolineStatum Laura_Foster15 PeytonMaddux ReaganMatlock wgass55 JohnRich94 AlecNorth72
Waiting on AndreaCRM to get up!
Spent the past 2 hrs sitting next to a man who has been sucking his teeth the whole time.
At the doctors ready to see this lil kid in me....
Thanks to everyone for your prayers, my baby sister is back home & feeling much better.
made fish fingers, pizza and coleslaw for dinner ;D
Nothing worst than someone on a powertrip, actually there is, someone on an UNJUSTIFIED power trip!!
thedommer10 I would but....you didnt tweet back embarrassed :(
samurairegs Me and AdamKroft think there is something wrong.
It is never gone end i see.
I freakin hate voicemails, especially when someone butt dials me and leaves one.
The kid in front of us at Chipotle is complaining about his page refresh time, which is five seconds. Suffering.
Day was going ghud until i got the news : ( really feel sum typa way right now
that was uncalled for.
Not only do I love the few ppl that's in my life bt I also want them all to be.
I am the Source. I am the Love. I am the One.
I got ice cream at home!  Yayyyyyyyyyy!
My patents are the most understanding all they want is for me to be
IT'S ON <3
rdiddy31 ilryn loquaciousc jsmooth788 bradbrown440 proverbialbkc bsus5 I don't get one?
I wanna poop on my mom!
Why isn't my twitter working!
S/o to Lesliej1922 for that bomb.com lunch love!
kthle was just talking abt pantsing me in the hallway...
Mitt Romney grew up with a dad .....
Hi. I want to throw something.
Snuggled up for the night with a blanket and pizza! happy!
Brb, just going to New York.
justinbieber Yeeeah man, my hero made the BEST CHRISTMAS ALBUM ever. UnderTheMistletoe got so much swaaaag ! proud 23
I NEED A MAN FRIEND!! Mind out the gutter ppl someone to give me a man's point of view on things...
i feel like i cant breathe lol...
It's just one of those days..
Ima stop gettin on Twitter during the day, i be gettin watched and shit.
Working away from home, eating, drinking, alone. Thank god for beer!!
Flying to Israel tomorrow!
B_Johnson5 how does she not count? Usually it feels totally fine, independent, happy to be by myself, but sometimes it's
The last few day have been perfect! :) thank you to everyone to made my 18th so great :)
bot 2 kill my lil brother bday cake
Emily_Ripper hahaha yeah, he just doesn't know when to stop sometimes..
If this lady don't stop fussin I'm gone blow a gasket!!! irritated :-/
Mfs piss me off when they say come do my hair pleasse ): the Fuck i look like ?
Why do people insult my intelligence??
MikeyHoward3 dude we didn't drink any 40s together last quarter.
alltimecunt you know you're so mean
Headed to airport. Thanks for the love Ows I know you all will hold it down and shake it up.
Going to get my first real haircut in 6 years...!!
Doesn't care what you say or what studies you show me...you can't disprove my opinion
Omgg are u srs? Mad gonna tank for us frm next week onwards?
It's hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remember.
I hate being a third wheel.
Have fun in Antwerpen tqlicious whitneyshannon1 Taberima en derest groetjes aan melin
I'm thinking more about India posting 400 and not Sehwag scoring his double century.
More art hw then anything else?
Random kid slapped my ass in the halls today. DONT touch me.
maybe i made a bad decision
That was my last high school football game...
I wish my day would go as planned for once..
My timeline is looking pretty awesome tonight guys. A lot of solid tweets.
Track meet Wednesday!
class was great tonight soo much talent within SimonSays_Dance :D
We all need it at some point in time
“BossLadyy_12: Tay0424 too dumb... losing”- he gone miss u when u go..
We love those weirdo couples that are holding hands in the hall. Well there is a someone  for everyone.
I hate when I can't find anything I'm looking for!
No one at my house tonight=
I am watching 30 Rock.  I love 30 Rock.
I'm in such a good mood right now  
“josh_mcconnell: I might actually go back to Acc tonight.” you go, my friend!
From when he calls a vagina a 'narny' dash that & get a upgrade!
I'm crazy in love with him. I can't even explain. I'm gonna explode if I don't see him soon. I need him.
someone talk to me..
That shitty moment when everything is goin good until u get the new
Holy shit shut your damn mouth
Thanks KatieeBrownn93 for checking me out! School may be the stupidest place to be at the end of the year! thankful :)
I'm such a worry freak, but i guess i kinda have a reason!
I hate how Trey Songz always singing nasty stuff , when he's going to start singing that Real Nigga Ish ? disgusted .
My room never stays clean for longer than like 3 days...
Your words of support could make a huge difference to someone. It could save their life. depression »
At The Meat Market ... Poor Cows And Pigs....
xtheeoneandonly *sigh* i am now sad for you. depressing.
Arkham_Alice ..Oh.. Oh I am so glad that you... ..Alice, how are you?
yayafonzoyoboo yes hang out soon. like tmrw or monday! you should follow Proud2BeADork  i found it and its funny!!! :)
Tomorrow I'll draw new Disney Pics.:} tweet me your fav disney Character and i draw and post it.Your Twitter name will appear below:]
I hate when I fall asleep with the TV on and wake up to stupid music that gets stuck in my head
But I thank God for a good paying job so I wont complain!
Layn dwn in the dark
Ankle is killing me today
Drake's new shiiiit Take Care
Elf is probably one of the best Christmas movies out there; it never gets old
i wanna sleep now so bad,ssry guys,we'll speak tomorrow!Bye Bye ;)
on a good note finally going to sleep!
Old naked fat man in the sauna your gut is blocking to the door. I'd appreciate it if you move so I can exit.
salihughes spook. Has made me dig out my Depeche Mode CDs though
FreddyOvett saw you cruising around Gosch's last night with a shirt on
jaysean I'm so thereeee :) 9 daysssss
WorldVisionUSA we got a goat and 2 chickens in honor of the friends that hosted us for Thanksgiving weekend
I just wish folks will stop flexing.
richard_hamwi Hey Richard!! Now we can 'follow' each other without it involving walking around the building.
That funny moment when JeremyD94 actually thinks i would be on that list..
People Be Gettin Booty Hurt Now A Days
ahockley There are some REALLY great Droid apps that get neutered because of Apple's dictatorial stance on app functions.
in two days, twelve hours and forty six minutes (roughly) i will be kissing him again.<3 happy :)
I make some of the worst posts, ever :D
We can travel to spain where the rain falls mainly on the plain side
dont wanna say anything? ok
«I_TweetShit When I'm firing wit that iron, that's when I get an erection Glad»
I miss my babies so much Nadia been gone since saturday afternoon and Aaron stayed the night wit his granny
I would not be a happy camper without Netflix.
Came down to ICBC hoping to re-do my L knowledge test.. Not happening today
I've gotten used to the rest of my clothes being tighter these days, but my peacoat ?
I have a meeting with my boss' boss in an hour.
Having to call the coach at ksu
From singing at Stratford Idol just for fun, to performing in front of the president twice. PROUD.
SarahTanksalval And the US... all over really. Thinking of landing in LA and driving up then across and eventually over to NYC.
Dude was not ready last night hahaha
Art most of the day tomorrow
I just adore when my bestfriend decides to treat me like shit..
Ricky Gervais carries on the trend from the brilliant Office, the okay Extras and now, the 'no-laughs' Life's Too Short. Disappointed..
Why is my house so cold??
Just seen the new 'Dark Knight Rises' trailer!!
Just finished cutting Steph's hair. Honestly, it looks amazing.
“Looove_likeFire: AmandaSBonds hmph..whatev. thats why he hideous” really. That was all in front my white boy  ...
Happy birthday mafleece ! Have a great nightttt!
Snow! Milk! BREAD!! AAAAHHH!!
I want to get my hips done... Now. This weekend seems so far away. :/
I'm pretty sure I have REAL strong feelings for her! <33
Last day tomorrrow:D
We already know this -___- tell us something we DON'T know....SMDH...
Got my new raybans n I'm feeling hella cool* 2day
Lords of dog town got recorded on TV,
Wow Florida couldnt make a free throw if their lives depended in it
wft is wrong with my home key?!
Hahahaha I left jeggings72 a voicemail by accident talking shit while I was drunkkk.
wants to re decorate my room but its kinda pointless seeing as i dunno when i'm moving :/
I laugh so much lately
Today is deadline n ur still not done w/ ur shit n u decide 2 go out 2 lunch.
Currently baking a gooey chocolate cake and spiced plum compote. You better be good you're for my boyfriends Mum!
Thanks to StunnazMag I have a shoot with a talented photographer RyanONashPhoto . Cant waite
nina your not suppose to let me think about him!
I want thelastsong  agaaaaaaaain!!!
want the weekend alreadyyyyyy!
mum is watching khloe and lamar, yes!
loveis_payne Mdrr oui :D on y go!
Get over your ex and stop posting stuff on facebook about it.
this is why i hate coming to the library.... ppl always asking me to turn my music down....
These slow songs aint making me feelings no betta rite now
Omg KMSanders22 just smashed a poor little roach in my foyer!
Damn and i actually believed you cared.
I probably hate < > this crap bc i havent been in school for two years and so forgot which one was greater than or less than
navicruzivan sooo true! Only in the Philippines that the passenger/s will adjust to the cab's route.
It's OFFICIAL IM GOING TO CALIBASH 2011 to see Plan B, Jowell y Randy, Wisin y Yandel, Ivy Queen & Much More @ the Staples Center!
YoungJebrey I love when people retweet mee
Welp there goes my plans 4 2nite...
i thank god for letting  c me anotha thanksgiving
Im starving & all we have is thanksgiving leftovers.
should be getting my new guitar today
KerryBrundage Can we hang soon?? I feel like i dont even know my best friend anymore..
God, grant me patience.
It's retoreicle question asked to the class. Your not suppose to answer every time
In my pjs already at this time
So it looks official. I'm in here til the week-end... If not more... Smh...
Eating some amazing pancakes right now! The Queen Mary is surprisingly nice! Going on a self-guided ghost tour in a little bit!
I miss my dog, but I do NOT miss him barking around the house like crazy. ANNOYING.
Never thought I would see the day where I became sick of wearing sweats to class
God brought me from being a person who was once broken, hurt, insecure, and unworthy to redeemed, confident, and COMPLETE.
Oh now I'm being timed out by my boo...
Morning Wisdom :) I woke up to it <3
OMG !!! My mom just commented on my endowment.
you know you have no life when you get excited to visit officeworks to get office supplies
Omggg these girls wit all these color weaves ..smhh hurt haha
honors band w/ Emilyy2016 todayy :)
Christmas music and decorating! love :)
Moe i had a waffle with ice cream this morning
twitter reeeeaaaallly pisses me off sometimes!!
My iphone4s has been shipped.
a man just gave me his train ticket so i can get in my train for free, awhh <3
JakethaFlake appreciate the support more than u kno
it seems like its gonna be a good day
Yay my package for cause of my joy came today
Having no license drives me crazy....my parents have to bring me everywhere, and they take forever
Why do people change the way they act when around a different crowd
flower_child218 aw ok we are going in like an hour for meee... AhHh!!!!
jillianro20 I was probably singing.... Even awkward-er.
& my best friends emm_doubleyou , iamtwigg_ , acebreezy21  they've made me who i am today & i love them with my whole world. <3
Uffffffff cant sleep and there is nothing good on tv 
Good Monday Morning!  Did evry1 have a great weekend? Have an awesome week!
Wishing I was with kbyedelia lonely bored :(
.Im no where near done, with this project. In fact i haven't even started!
tomorrow the new head unit gets installed
Mate un mosquito en la pantalla de mi iPod y se lleno toda jajaja
At this point I just wanna go to bed
Swear I'm the worst at making Christmas lists, I'm a simple man I don't need much to be happy. Good friends, beer, a woman boom
stay strong salena<3
molbutterfield Nick_Azzo I dont forgive you
I continued my crazy rollercoaster ride through life today. I bought a new frying pan from Argos, it had a 3rd off
jaarius I had better not drink too much while I am Dublin, so.
omg why does my eye ALWAYS water so much after i do my makeup. only the right eye though.
One earphone is in my ear and the other in my sister's.. The music is so low!!
I actually took time too put my sheets and blankets on my bed proud!
taraface you're so far away!
Sooooo, I'm probs getting a new phone on Black Friday.
So, today when I got upset, I just thought of you, and my frown turned into a smile(: <3
Those days that are gonna take forever to end..cheer practice and then basketball game against Royce City.
Please pray for my Papa Broome. He's very sick.
St. Nick comes tonight ;) excited.
Got a trial day this Saturday with ripley castle!
Baltimore, you are making me want to throw up!  Learn to play football or I will no longer watch you.
still waiting to see if I can get on this private celeb party guest list
It's been a very long couple of days, so I'm having a night off with good food, fine wine and classical music...
Beautiful morning in Vancouver this morning...
Little things, mean the most.
Just wanna be with my baby..
Great win for LFC :) fuk u chelsea
Happy Thanksgiving all!!! Thank you, God, for all that you have blessed me with! I couldn't ask for more. blessed &
Im on fire and now i think im ready to bust a move
Only 10 days of school til Christmas Break! :)
Y are there so many power outages lately!! I feel like I'm losing my mind!
Theres a difference between 'just a joke' and
I think I'm invisible to everyone here but dignitywithlove megkeo & the ocassional andytongren & TheStevePatrick. sad.
Just got in after a long trip and seen the highlights city & atmosphere were fukin awesome just to much to do
flyramz I'm an alien.
missing my long work nights with caithaggarty
Don't be making all these promises to me if you can't keep them
Happy 11-11-11 LOL !!
High school drama is annoying. Leave me alone.
Is there light at the end of the tunnel
The people who live above my dad either have a pet elephant or do step aerobics at the oddest times
Show me the fight you say I'm worth, then maybe you can have me.
Just shaved off the sweet facial hair I had been growing for the past 7 days.
SHOsports huge Saturday night coming up, can't wait
They started playing christmas songs on the radio!
Only my bestfriend can cheer me up
MatildaMillerUK yeah allright but you didn't even textes me!
Throat hurting and I can't do anything about it.
ShaniNanii lol its sad how some people are too lazy to get they ass up for work, but they not to lazy to get up to go shopping today Sad.
If I win I am 1 one maaany contestans to win tickets to a 1D consert and backstagepasses!! This is getting serious!!!
out to dinner with the grandparents
That moment of pain when you see your crush flirting with someone else.
Woke up too hella texts msgs. Love!
That moment when you realize that person wasn't really your friend.
I'm sweating while I get ready..
You know how I know if we'll be friends instantly.. If you got some baby wipes in ya bathroom. I be on them baby whips!
--BLAH BLAH BLAH STFU GIRL :l UGHHH
Savannahh14 wheres_sarah lilbaileymay DONT EVEN LIE. BAILEY AND I ARE WINNING. cod love.
KayVee_15 rdono47 made it too 1,000 well before Vail :)
Why is it that teachers wait til the end of the semester to give you do much work?!?
Like these random pencils and clothing don't belong to me. Why do you automatically assume all the random junky shit is mine?
Natalie_Kendall if only you could see us
road rage cowboy <3
Damn my first hour teacher took my phone
Just shouted 'come in' to the lady with my Chinese takeaway, cos I thought it was AshHowarth5 coming round to watch football
just ordered new underwear online
- ah bathroom is done and clean..
Wish my mom would get off my back
Watching Tangled for the little sister's birthday! So proud to have a sister who appreciates Disney Princess movies as much as I do!
bouto call my moms to say good morning...since i cant go walk to her and kiss her and say it
If that someone aint giving equal effort you have to keep it moving, and tell them to go that way !
I just found my teddy. Where have you been all my life?!
Sunday football and cards with the family
finally got my twitter app
In my jimmie jammies on the sofa with full control of the telly remote
free food at work
getting my eye brows done
People who don't text back..
i swear most of my teachers spell my name 'Kiera' even when i tell them its spelt Keira
bickerstaff69 Dude fatma is gona be like get your lame ass outta here lmfao ima be
So mercy johnson lost 1 eye...
Poison011 REIDIRECT But on the bright side...Im glad you trust my judgement on the details and will pay based on that trust.
Headed to the game and excited to see everybody here tonight:)
Good Morning all! Be Thankful to God for being allowed to see another day! Make a Great one and remember to keep it positive Love!
I am kind of at the point where EVERYTHING you do pisses me off.
writing papers is not my thing, at all.
I went back and read some of my old tweets, and WOW AM I A DEBBIE DOWNER
MRIgrl Eurgh. Was he some sort of sadist?
Marry the night is supposed to be a masterpiece. Gaga takes it to another level. We are asked to find our own interpretation!
ArrickHincher decided I'm cleaning your car for you...
TRX straps come today
Oh yeah! Who got the last wicked Thai soup today? Me!!!!
BestYuEverHad11 wish you were here watching beauty and the best with me
when you think of something good to tweet but forget it..
Watching Noels Christmas present with Ben
So far I've seen some pretty dope apts ...
Shopping filenesbasement Close Out feels like looking through a dead loved one's things.
Snuggled up in bed!
How can you have/allow a hospital which doesn't have fire safty in first place?
somethings different.. i miss the old you
I blame Glee for my high expectations in music class./:
Another day to breath thanks to the most high
Got the job! So excited (: everything is falling into place!
people who constantly bitch
need to go on a walk.
V8. You are my
Crushn on CM Punk badly!!!!The fings I'ld like to do to him!!!
It only takes one person to change your life - you.
Suppose to meet my trainer tonight..
Judgement Day! teridelrosario iamnikko09 santosnins inacaps and Jimbo :|
planning to see the harry potter exbihition at the powerhouse museum soon!! excited :D
Waking up to a peppermint mocha.
Biggest day of my life tomorrow.
A cup of tea makes everything better
It's a new day! Thankful another one no matter how sleepy I am!
rgage_56 you need to call me or text me asap nervous ):
Always love from your heart.  Lift up those who are down!.  Pray without ceasing and allow the love of GOD to run through you.
garryowen_bhoy shite mate. Booked for 1 ordered at 20 2 3
Some say home is where the heart is. I say home is where my ponies are.
justinbieber i cant wait for believe its gonna be great!
6MORE FUCKING WEEKS AND MESSIAH AMIR TUCKER WILL B HERE!
You just look dumb
People these days do anything for attention ! sad !
I'm full of food & love
i have literally gotten a 75% on every practice quiz. looks like i know what i'm getting on the final.
My buddy not replyn
Why are there character limits on here :/..Even dms are a mission,seriously
Good morning UK! Had some great sleep.about to grab breakfast with raquellegracie and straight back to the studio!
Don't see why my parents are treating me like a little kid.
my social cog prof really loves talking about how 50% of all marriages fail.
We sang happy birthday to lauragberry in Chuys, and rachel_nesbitt in Pinkberry. It's the day of births. WOOO!!!
11:11 on 11/11/11 I have only one wish. Happiness and fulfillment of everyone   happiness 11/11/11
I wish Fahey & CJ stop RTing that boy that's dickriding.
Thank you 4 always showing me LOVE BlackBlonde7
FavorsVoice thanks Toya! I pray the best for yall at the 2nd Principle tonight!!
Getting made fun of
Dude people need to cool tf down and not get so dang hot headed!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!
loving life right  now happiness <3
Kate_Knutsen me too, how crazy is that? it was almost 4 years ago. we're old... yeahhh lets not talk about dresses lol
Goodmorning tweeta! Gonna study, then off too one class to take a test!
Following my favorite bands is great for showing me their music is the only thing I like about them. Their personalities suck
Why is death a fear for most people??? Hmm bc we seek to long exist and just to know one can end cause mystery that becomes
An emotion of strong affection and personal attachment...
TEAMFOLLOWBACK all follows returned
Hapi born Day to My Late fwnd Jessica Tri Tri Masipa who dead @ age 16 n if she was here tOday we would be clebtn her 18 born Day
AprilE_Wilson HWF I mean... How
Dear Twitter Please give us a way to block all these stupid porn promoters! Thanks
2nd last weekend of homework before Christmas!!
Just realised its only a week on sunday till christmas!!
justinbieber 1 year - PRAY 2 years -  OLLG AND TODAY  Video All I Want For Christmas Is You   AND 15 MILLIONS! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW
Well I can't sleep and I have to get up at 5 to go hunting. joy. At least I get to spend alll day with my favorite boy tomorrow. happy :)
little kids are so annoying.
Okay I seriously hate when bitches take pictures of that nasty pig disection shit and post it on facebook
New Twilight movie comes out tmrw
I need a male friend who can drive
My two favorite songs just came on the radio back to back
Great_Since88 sorry coffeeyblack kassema was real cool but her pussy did stink real bad even after a shower too
My bra keeps unhooking itself
Why do the same people alway get all the attention?
I took a nap this morning from 5-6:30. Thats all the sleep i got.
YES 7:30 tomorrow!:)
briannajobish I am in the same boat...got home to an empty house so my and my pup are watching tv
No autotune but you can feel the pain,then it all comes spillin out like I hit a vein.
just realized class I have to take today is in Lake Norman area.  That means driving back to Charlotte in evening rush hour!
I was so excited to get out of math class. But of course I can't
Who cares what's trending, first thing I gotta do is say thank you Lord for allowing me to see the light of another day!
I have better things to do then worry about you stop trying so hard to get noticed! It isn't working!
my phone is seriously being a jerk right now.
My phone off until after school /:
I think its time to take down the skirts and dresses and hang up my jeans and pants.
Wow, my math is bad...
Ahhhhh, eindelijk mama is home !
Let ur love be like d misty rains,comin softly but floodin d river...
although most of my important friends are more than 500 miles away, they still manage to be there for me!!!! THANKFUL!!!
bout to go downtown to eat with my Moma..
kaylee's coming down (:
Ray Wilkins honestly does my head in so much calling them all by the first names.....
final papers are so freaking annoying, they make me want to drop out ugh!
Out galavanting all night long= home by 9:30....
Dec. 8 gonna be to much love.My manz Sabbir birthday and everybody puttin up
I Love It When You And The Girl That Your On The Phone With Go To Sleep Together On The Phone <333
wow, i really love logging onto facebook and see a girl touching her vagina!
These sweaters are getting me in the Christmas spirit :)
Idk how I'm ever going off to college .. I can barely stay away from my family and home for 4 days !
Slorr13 I just missed you at the 107!
this kansas and kentucky game is intense
as soon as the first snow flake falls, me and patrick are doing our photo shoot. excited.
I fail at ice skating
I hate when people fall asleep on me when im texting them
Can not wait to see edsheeran
Hates those certain things that always no matter what seem to put you in a bad mood.
Saturday morning relaxing in bed
And my 2500th tweet goes to Jesus I'm so grateful everytime I turn around He keeps blessing me!!
katty perry's on replay, shes on replay
Off to the doctors!! Then physical therapy.
I love how you always put a smile on my face. :)
Why is everyone so dumb?
wonder what life wud be like w/o him...
.i just ate 4 pieces of cake..
lmfaooo this has been a very funny night!!! ahhhhh
Today makes a year wid my Wink Wink..I aint going nowhere lmao sorry groupies11/28/10 Happy Anniversary R.T.J go thru hell & back 24/7
c5mccorm typical! One kid turns out good - the other is a
Almost 4am... Why am I awake
Me and my mom will never get along
Tonight FountainBkstore offers hot cider and cookies during Grand Illumination! Plus, the store hosts SPCA's kitty adoptions.
Having my first ever nail gels put on!!
Kicking ass on homework...I can't even remember the last time I got this far in one Saturday!
I want to go eat at village in but I need someone to go with.
Gonna be a long busy week this week. Lots of dance and things.
Reason 523 why I hate dorm life. Sharing a bathroom with 45 girls when maintenance doesn't work on the weekends
dis nigga got two pair of trus lol... i got 20 n yu can ask da city... EVERYTIME i see dis broke nigga HE NEVER HAS A FUKN DIME
iNEED A REAL ASS NiGGA NOT JUST WiTH MONEY BUT SHiT THAT GONE HOLD HiS BADD BXiCH DOWN!
In the spirit of Veteran's Day, I wanna say thnks to everyone who risked their lives defending my freedom.
Registration is a B.
ccyellowarmy CCMariners ALeague  the roar are going to get torn apart the would be better off to forfeit
Me and AlisonVDB95 just got asked if we're on rising stars......
Is there such a thing as emotional spoons? Because I think I lost all of mine today...
might not get to take pictures today
I don't understand why there are so many questions. I don't think it can be explained much clearer.
Whose idea was it to have singing stuffed animals?
nw zone reality -medical detectives
Winter tym is comin up and I'm still single.........whose gonna hold me when im
<------She has GREAT mouth skills
doctorbenlfc It's so far removed from what we are.
I wish some people would just text me back
HAPPY FUCKING GOD DAMN BIRTHDAY TO livfortaay I miss you and I love you <3
it hurts to know that .. everything that we had didn't mean a thing to you
That awkward moment when you can't even go 5 mins on the elliptical.
Now we're in a bad position DILEMAAGENCY posted tickets to the office, none is in the office! Trying to call DILEMAAGENCY,
C.Y.F     d^^b
There's something wrong with my lil sister she's rolling around on the floor and kicking! ahaha
Nights like tonight remind me how truly blessed I am.
nonesuchzach Half the time that program doesn't work for me and I end up reinstalling Adobe Air.
NP 'House Of Balloons/ Glass Table Girls' - The Weekend
This seriously always happens to me
GreatBakeClub I know! Where has the time gone?
This is like not the move for this weekend
Dear socks: stop falling down in my boots
Thanks giving parade with my lil lady
I will be moving out of home and moving in with Jake this weekend ! Excited (:
People are stupid there's no hashtaging on Facebook.
sexy back - justin timberlake NEVER gets old omg
I absolutely love seeing signs of Christmas everywhere<3
Perfect day with a perfect boy :)
Might not mean much to some, but you've made it to the last month of the year! Everybody can't testify to that.
Why does frost wire fucking suck!?
ugh, im over it.
My heart is taken by the one I want to be my wife one day... Gotta talk to my mom, hope she approves...
Looked up Columbia University...I really believe that its taking a special place in my heart!! excited!
justinbieber home this Christmas !!!!! love that song :)))
JasmineVapp i cant wait until the app comes out!! Excited ;D
I love texts that are random & nice happy :)
I wish my heart would stop beating in my ear
I have the best grandma ever.
Even tho he is thousands of miles away, DrClawson19 still knows how to help his boys through a struggle
Had a great time tonite, went an saw 5 play then hung out wit the bestie then came n washed my hair!
You're the prime example why i give up on being nice every second..
philly_vz PHIL! Don't waste the cheesecake! It's my favorite.
- if yu cant handle ya liqour , dont drink at all ,
Sometimes I really do love my life - Got the best friends in the world, and the best family out there. Happy (:
Trying to find my way bak to u
Coffee, chocolate, chicken, cigarettes, hyperinflation, monetary policy, economy - my brain is melting!
Great work gehrigd4 on SI All American. You deserve every award that comes at you. People dont know the work that you put in.
Opening my advent calender tomorrow! Fjhfkxkrdjheckjfkdvb
Tebow isn't lucky its because he loves god and worships him. If you show god in everything you do he will do great things with you
Snapback with my city on it. I'm a wild boy, I'm a I'm a wild boyyyy machinegunkelly
Interesting night. Call at 330 that joeylbc broke his nose. Picked his ass up at 4. Drove his ass to lb and took care of him till 630
Had fun with some good friends tonight
Watching soul surfer&  then going to sleep.(:  gonnna be a busy day tomorrow with hannnah(: tired.. excited(:
He just drove an hour to bring me money
10 days til da BDAY!! Excited! 5 days til Christmas.
TeamLilWayneUS YMCMBOFFICIAL ha ha ha I see you found it! lol
Twilight tonight <3 with kaylaGhayes
You always make everything so complicated! Just be happy!
kennziiiiee_14 we are too cool and still haven't hung out yet
Went into a Christmas cookie jar to find fortune cookies in it, honestly mom what are you doing with your life
Everyone refers to there family as the fambam my family is either the gang, or clan ....
Good Morning in a good mood this morning only cuz HE woke me up when HE couldve left me asleep :) thankful!
It amazes me to see how much some people have changed since May.
Why am I missing you so much?
monicamariie yes :) that would be fun !!
I think I just became in charge of Super saturday fitclub.
Probably shouldn't even be going to school today... But I have to.
Mmm Starbucks! So good to me.
At Bernard Jacobs Theatre to see The Mountaintop starring Samuel Jackson & Angela Bassett.
owlcity My new Sennheiser headphones plus PortBlue equals
I wish the iPhone's tempered glass was actually scratch-resistant.
I hate getting allergy shots every week
We are one. Together we suffer, together exist, and forever will recreate each other. ~Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
I am LOVING Laker Nations meltdown on the radio over Chris Paul to LA (Clippers).
Didn't accomplish anything
Have to take my boy 2mrw n get snip snip
Soo  _ImperfectlyKEN dog really humped my lil sis leg smh.pooty didnt knw what was going on lol
Can't wait to have girls night its just us ladies, games and baileys of course
Game Day!!!! This guy is excited like a kid filling out his Christmas list!
12 hours since my colon cleanse. Still waiting.
Yay for being sick I adore headaches and sinus infections.
A Mince Pie Ice Cream.. Disgusting.
Mtg the boyfriends friends tonight...
I don't need a prince w/ a slipper when I have awesome roommates like agscaperhythm and jordanm_dye to bring me new shoes!
Can't find a music channel that doesnt play Christmas songs
I sware I can't tweet on this bumpy ass bus ride haha
Thank you Lord for blessing me with another day
Teen mom 2
Can't wait for OnlyWayIsEssex crimbo special :) ..........
I feel my heart start beating to my favorite song
movie night with the family
happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. happiness is living every minute with love, grace, and gratitude
I really dislike when people scream in commercials kinda
Mama gaat me brengen
justinbieber omg the tour. believetour so
Country music makes me
A lie is a lie no matter how small.
Happy Thanksgiving!!!  I am always thankful for my family and friends, without them I wouldn't be who I am today.
Omg y does dhiss' stuff have to happen :( ugh y y
the only time i ever see you happy is when you are surrounded by drama.
AnnaisSabrina_ the East is stomping em!
When you realize all your effort was for nothing.
i hate it when you have to call someone's name so many times just to get their attention.
I dont know why my mom isn't back yet
I hope when I tell you u will have that sane feeling
Hate when people don't reply to my texts. Ugh.
Just realized I have lived an awesome life. Cant even begin to explain.
mw3 I hate your right now, stealing my boyfriend.
Gahhh I don't care anymore.
breakup - Trying to maintain a persona you believe makes you attractive is a tough act to maintain. You, are amazing. Now act like it
96% on my project ^.^
Ready for a class of wine!!!
Pandora Tyrese Radio On Point Tonight ! love (:
NickSalvemini11 good thing i didnt i-m you, i always do that
i never get emails
op naar de training . love.
Cherryy apple sause is not where its at :/
sick of my stupid tummy getting caught on things
KellsieMace BAHAHA, you should see my bod right now. Its
the lengths some people will go to for a bit of cash
Just now waking up,lol dnt remember last time I slept this good
About to beat some 11 year olds annoyed. readytoleavewith e_diddy23 !
TayLav2 purposefully misleading on Twitter
Amazing weekend, roll on christmas
wow theres actually some decent teams here besides rays, haydens, and c4.
This Thanksgiving I did NOT have to change into stretchy pants and sprawl out on the floor after the meals. Amen.
Can't wait until February when I'll get my letter from Clemson University.
Ummmm I kno.i play alot!!.. But I think I really like OOMF!... :-* NERVOUS .....
got my drivers permit todayyyy
This is Windsor, thought you would have learned by now I would find out eventually
watching someone you love get her heart broken, not what I wanted today! Knowing she is one tough cookie!
antanddec Do you stay anywhere near Byron Bay? & what golf courses do you play at? If you don't reply I will break down into tears
Gemkinggy yoo boo. I'm getting you silly tommorow. that is all.
10 minutes to gooooo! Woooops!
every song on q102 is overplayed
Watching the Cowboys game with my Dad
I'm tired and in a bad mood. Not a good combo.
Para mi sos perfecto
Between teracarissa tweets miawright sermon NakittaFoxx singing ... I stay inspired to be great!
jennistweets I saw myself! proud xx
yayy AyyCeee2 is finally here & were gonna watch harry potter 7 pt 2 for the first time! were excited! movienight :D
Can this hot pad please get hotter
AshTordiffe Glad it went well :) Book'n'duvet sounds perfect. We're having a British weather day too
He's my one & only.. Love:)
seth_bargs what a good lab partner
Fuck I love my family.
jewishjen ahh and that zaxs sauce
Maddsisrad  where you be at
He's waiting for his dad to come home so we can cut the cake!
Nothing..I mean nothing compares to  Seeing UK in person #BBN #
holidays always make me miss my dad.
WANTED: 1 McDonald's dinner; 1 visit from local cats for hugs; 1 big bag of antihistamines allergictocats plus massivecold =
pyroriffic  I am getting so close to finishing Outcast Dead. Why do you care? Because next up is *fanfare* The Gildar Rift!
Bout 2 watch the holiday special on fox with the family 8 pm, Carlie brown & Simpsons
SteevinSkashuh Jopsa_Sopta I only see you like 3 times a year
Wish I had someone to watch this stack of movies with
baking cookies while watching a Christmas movie
DaBieberLoverr awh thanks! Spread the words please! ;) thanks love ;) xoxo
Ahh cutest outfit for tomorrow :)
No pandora I don't want to listen to Adele overplayed Now John Mayer Play it all you want
thank goodness my aunt lemme borrow her laptop til mines got fixed .. Thankful :)
David archuleta is peacin out of music
JackNeave1 better late then never. Expecting great tweets but prepared for
Not really feeling this desperate scouse wives at the min...!!
I think i did good on tht test !!!!
Pratende met deniseebabeyyy en BodhiSchot x
Im in the worst mood right now... No idea why tho. angry.
Just had to look up the saintmichaels school motto cuz i realized i didnt kno what it was :X
ClaireyMurphy now the real question is Claire can he fix your side view mirror that refuses to stay on...if so it must be
-I Hate When Mfkss Dont Answer My Phone Calls Major
krjavier ikaw ha,may crush k ng iba
....in Word first and then bring them over...thanks a lot WordPress. 'Preciate it. frustrated.
BeckyWickenden I've been in bed for most of the day, wooh
they did wrote to me I will be happy:)
On the days that I hardly sleep, I always forget to put my eyeliner on.
I'll have your back no matter what you've decided as long as you are happy.
I thought Newcastle was meant to be colder than home where's our snow
All My followers Know Wassup! LOVE!
Please say Wash St is not hiring Mike Leach.  I was hoping UNC was going to do that.
Tweeten21 about god damn time brother
I think brel needs some attention..
Yes, I am now without a job, albeit however small. It's hard to win in this world with a chronic illness.
MzSoloOn3  a lazy man is thee worst!!! disgust.
Bublé's out of tune.
If you're in love with 2 people, pick the second one, If you really loved the 1st, you wouldn't have fallen for the 2nd.
LizMayer I was looking forward to seeing an old friend
Aunts having her 6th kid(:
I envy u shaRT pade_fksb: TV all day...
Waking up and looking out the window and seeing the beautiful Colorado mountains
I miss McKinley Park so much!!
Never again will I ever drink the fountain water from upstairs!
that just blew me
I hate when my lip quivers whenever I'm nervous
Jealous that EDAurora is enjoying my favorite TheGeekArmy and I'm here at work
Cuz my ass gotta be up in a couple hours...uhg
Guess I'm doing nothing today. Surprise.
Fixn my house with
My first radio show at North Texas
I finally finish that song I wrote for you music n all :) sounds really good.
Yo I knew they had sexual tension WalkingDead Dale is mad nosy -_-
wondering at what point nott hill followed by TheJamTreeW14 WhiskyMist and British LuxuryClub was gd idea lst night Eoin_Hayes
ChevonNowCEO thats how all dem bitch ass niggas who drop posed to look...
I shld probably censor myself, but I really hate my employer's HR dept right now. Totally hands off & may have F'd my benefits.
Want to play jv more than anything right now
“gorgeous_rellz Enjoying this beautiful day! Thankful”
See I'm thankful for my family everyday BUT thanksgiving cuz all they do is bitch and stress on holidays
Bad_PinkMonstaa you high and bout too get tatted
Time to start taking everything off my wall, re-do timeee! Good project for the rest of the week.
phone just died in the middle of my phonecall with meaghanchantal
But missing my cuddles and kisses lots...gotta get used to this i suppose. I know we can make it work :)
Plus i gotta 100 guns with me, dressed in black. 50 at the front door 50 in the back !!!
I can only job hunt for a maximum of 15 minutes before I want to cry.
So many little kids running around
Stop announcing to the world your problems and how pissed you are
15 days until my bday
Time to focus my energy on the future no more fucking around
loveing life right now.
Picked out everything I wanted :) I'm sooo Happy :)
3 more tuesday/thursday classes.
Time to do all that homework I've been procrastinating...
I dont wanna go any where else but Concord....
Take a picture it'll last longer
Khodaya shokret, thank god, alhamdullilah.
It is amazing what happens, when you let it. ~ Lori Moreno
Ready for Big/Little time with Err_dayEddie
stomachs in 3 different knots.
I missed most if the duchess
Got one of my books for next semester:)
Seeing another day and its all thanks to HIM! Even though the days may not be the best...but im still
out tonight with JuliaBowen3 gavgav2102 OhMyItsRyPy sarahannwagner <3
Hey tweeps! maelkann is vetting his wedding list by FB not TWITTER!
TheRealChrisRaw maaaaaaan that's
I hate when you do this
Out with my favorite people in the world l_terry_7 Brittsellers2 Morgan Becca
I can't do too many emotions all I know is one
gkrystal25 two days till i see yo fat ass
Lump in throat, eyes watering... Something ain't thing. Guess I'll have to deal with this on my own.
warrilow_316 is probably the angriest person I know.
The Shit people make up to make others look bad
Everything happens for a reason. God has a plan.
It's amazing how you are ALWAYS there. No matter what. love.
got to meet a drug addict yesterday..mehn d gal wuz in a sorry state..
i hate making mistakes man that shit is soooooo
Going to the fins game tomorrow!
Home after great day.
Activating 2-step verification for my google account is the worst decision I've taken in my life!!
mattylight20 whenever i go to giant eagle you're never working.
Wait on this food im hungrier than two fat bitches waiting n line for link
Still haven't got my knitting needles in the mail!
i'm off out to a super market in Exeter to get Skyrim with the new hair do.
Can anyone else get on my nerves today?
Niggas stole my phone and money yesterday smh.
I'm partying tonight!!!
One of the greatest days I've had in a while :)
Pretty sure i just tagged the wrong Marcus,
This is the first birthday I haven't spent with you, ever since I met you..
I seriously want to throw up when I see a missouri license plate... more like
HOWSE_4RREST No_Scrubs_301 ummmmm you didn't see what we saw.
I don't want my friends to leave me. :((
My Kuya Dino will be home in 7 hours!!! Gotta get some zzzs..have to wake up early to pick him up!
I loove that the people in ma life believe in me and ma work to thee fullest. MAHALO
All the snow. Gone.
Really thanking my lucky stars
Plans set w/ ashleynatareno & jeaaanty for the weekend <3
I can now type on my phone with my eyes closed
fusetv Absolutely having a dance party! SHMMSG is a great music-media collaboration
i be trying to convince myself on somethings i know that not true
Bday in 2 weeks nd a day
Am I invisible to the world or something?
There is NO TOMORROW when it comes to CREATING + LIVING the life of your DREAMS. Build it, one day @ a time.
Fuck me it's nice outside!
christmas break cant be coming any slower ...
At the midnight premire of the muppets.
Maybe it's not luck, maybe it's just fate <3
Just cried while watching Cheaper by the Dozen .....
No pain when I swallow for the first time in over a month
cthagod Lol dont get mad get
Oh a McDonalds gift card? Okay I'll just click on this fucked website,. What's this? Free iPhone too? Oh my it's just my day!
Ya nada es igual... Depressed :(
It's not okay to post topless pictures on Facebook..
Heading to church them after a feast
Time for this all to be over
i hate tellin everybody im gettin my hair chopped. and my good ole barber cancels on me.
Awesome day with my man <3
HOW THE FUCK DID MOVES LIKE JAGGER FIND ITS WAY ON MY IPOD??? ANSWER ME ITUNES, DAMMIT!!!
Make up your damn mind
Y así uno persevere no alcanza.
Shipped out our first 2 orders from the Etsy this morning!
Breaking dawn midnight feature with the rest of lake Charles
This weekend should be interesting
Finally headed to camp point to see the family!
jimmyridds1983 Well done mate,Would you like to add me on PSN? I've lost a season cos of my router disconnecting.
tonight is a bad night on the FM front. just can't buy a win. from 2nd to 7th in the last 2 hours.
Coool Robyn is on Ellen show!! She's swedish!
Packers lost , jets lost , steelers lost , and now the lakers
Gotta love the life I'm living!!!
Where is my family? It's almost 8 & no one has come home yet. :/
Just the weekend I needed.
Aleyna_ms That might not happen.  I was just looking at it...
So thankful for my amazing fraternity brothers!
BTW Tomorrow's gonna be a great day UpAllNight by onedirection and Elevate by bigtimerush are out excited :)
Friday night well spent
I've got a serious problems with people who eat food like pap with their hands
Yaaaaaay harry potter en tnt :)
ArianaGrande 's PYHU is in my head, all the time I LOVE IT, you made up so Proud !
I'm not gonna let anything bother me. I just leave everything to God and have faith. He allows things to happen in my life for a reason
hi_ImShe we definetely were. it was on today and d0m3n1ca made sure to tell me to watch it. im surprised she didnt tell you
a father and his biological daughter having sex... & he's CHEATING on her
So I just bought the sex and the city movie in BluRay at amazon for 10$. That's a pretty good fucken deal. :)
Nothing is better than having my favorite person sleeping  curled up next to me. =]
tonight with my ladettes
SuckOnMyBig_Jon  txt almost made me throw up
in the U.S. 1 in every 8 workers have been employed by McDonalds...sad???
Laughing so hard that no sound comes out , so you just sit there,laughing like a retarded seal:')
le temps passe très lentement quand on est tout seul dans son bureau :(
this whole death thing is bothering me more than i thought....
under no circumstances do i doubt that i have a strong support system thankful!
Waiting for the bus so I can get into town and meet LeprechaunsWOO
933FLZ JingleBallTB outasight!!! Tonight is the night
little brother fell asleep on me
In my last two classes I've sat and played on my phone. Why do we even come to school?
Can kwandamash get here already,i wana start my day with u excited.
Laughing at ppl handicaps has never been funny, ,
Wow it's hitting me that this will be like the last time I will be with all my classmates
jayBEEsayss there are 3 girls that i went ot school with in Elementary && Middle who now have children ..
Today wasn't the greatest. But since I'll be with my cuzo soon, it'll all get better(: excited!
«_avamartin_ Amir_TheBaddGuy thanks for staying a stranger!!! :( :(» I been texting you...you know you aint do nun but call! Its
Again a thursday without 'The Vampire Diaries'.
Mylife look good, but it's real bad, ima black man with NO hobbies that's real
She Needs To Leave Me T L Alone .
RebeccaFiona suriouslyy snow is not as pretty or fun as the beach..
Tonight, I am going to watch BreakingDawn wearing my Team Edward shirt, Team Edward bracelets and necklace, Bellas ring and more.
This movie keeps going to commercial breaks at the most intense parts!
Won $50 on my rewards card at victorias secret :)
A bus full of loud freshmen.. annoyed . can'twaituntilidrive .
my sister ImNot_Shii  need to chew her gum with her mouth close...
It's nearly the weekend :)
I just want a new hot bitch. D:
gym, classs, and studying all day.
Hot coffee after 92Ks on the bike.
friendships>relationships atleast thats how it should be.
One step forward and two steps back
At home with my hot water bottle! Early to bed methinks.
Been having a bitter sweet time!! Enjoyment!!
I set up a lego village in the back of my car. It will make checking my rear view mirror more enjoyable on the way home.
During the break I will be able to attend 3 Lady Vols basketball games (;
neengrace omg are u serious??! WOW , shes not following me :( u should feel loved hahahaha :)
USE THE RUG! USE THE RUG! panic overflow mzLadynumbiscus caniclaireify mleckelkamp Emily_LeGrand
About to leave for Colorado hope to sleep the whole way haha!
Hate when the person I wanna talk to most won't txt me back!
love listening to music before I go to bed
Hanging with the boyfriend ALL day. <3
It has to start somewhere. It has to start sometime. What better place than here? What better time than now? -
antanddec Just Listened To professorgreen 's Song Jungle And It Made Me Think Of You Guys! Cannot Wait For Tonight's Show! Excited :D
Just realised i'm going to be sitting by myself in chemistry tomorrow :(
Nothing to do... This night is hopeless :(
you make me feel like a bitch, but in all honesty.. that's not what friends do..
Het is 13' 12' 11
My dog just drank the toilet water after I went to the bathroom...
Why oh why do I always get the stupid damn spam tweets????
New teen mom 2!!! <3
KWeingartner You can also help me get justinbieber to follow me pretty please ;) Love <3
Early Sunday Morning drive
kayla_schmidt thats EZ, Stay in school
Lunch date wit the 1 and only crazy Rio.. Awww love dese days
John Tucker must die ahhh
So scared for these pep rallies today
thinking things are going to work out, but then realizing there defiantly not turning out like you hoped
01:37... Just finished preparing something awesome for TWO baby showers coming up this weekend.
All I can say is WOW! What a fantastic time I had tonight... thank you one and all!
Having noone to cuddle, in cuddly cold weather... depressing.
Keep have unnecessary dreams
In the big apple <3
Well that was over quick, saw x-ray, said everything was okay now and left
100% change of rain in the morning there goes.my duck hunting!!!:(
confessions33 when did you get twitter?!
Ahh inbetweeners movie out monday pre-ordered it!:D:D
Check out marwilliamson who will be speaking in NYC this Saturday!  Go see her if you can.  You will be in for a treat!!
One of the chosen few to see today
I feel like my life is so boring right now!
thathighmoment when you rub a hole through every lamp in the house waiting on a genie
Decorating my grandma's tree for her, I'm such a perfect granddaughter
three more weeks and then the mapsofcolumbus bandwagon will well and truly be rolling again
My laptop just turned off and won't turn back on... :( I hope it didn't crash. I have pictures on there from when Lily was a baby
This should be fine... I hope.
All my pens decided to unionize and stop working at the same time.
It feels great, just to be me, thankful :-)
HOWell_youdoing couldn't even put a dent in it...
New bandwagon sport apparently
Got a meeting with a modeling agency tomorrow!!! :)
Beginning 2 B highly
A great game, chips, and skittles; what could be better?!
Well here goes nothing!
They're acting like fleas! Annoying and won't go away unless you do something about it.
Sending people to collections
I love being late to school & looking good, its a win win happy :D
6 Txts Sent To Oomf 1 Returned....
Spending the day with my
Sooooo.. My life sucks.
StashPrada _krato_ Us!  We're D&M saddos!
All these trades in the NBA lets see what really goes on when the season starts.
XxIzZyx couldn't find it anywhere on google when the rds is starting
I'll pull my hair out now
I'm traveling through New York and I have seen so many HRC stickers on cars!
Third thing I'm thankful for is football,
PeggyTanous it's an ongoing conversation at our house!!
I've alway been the go to man...THANKFUL...
Has anyone seen my brother?
May or may not have a slight obession with Beyonces
i wish i could give you what you want
What i'm feeling and have!!!RT TreySongz:
When you're taking a test and it's all quiet until your stomach growls..
My brother can't never do what was planned. He always being extra. irritated.
bitches in the bathroom fixing their hair & makeup MOVE! i want to wash my hands
Misses the 308 already.
Looking forward to seeing Steps on CIN I'm not gonna lie!
Come home to a fish fry!!!!
Lilly_Luna_97 ahaha I love relating things to starkid in RL and school. NO ONE EVER GETS IT THOUGH D:
Why is mrt line down again?? Do I have to walk from dhoby ghaut to orchard?
HockeyNHarmony yeah, its better now :) plus as soon as I got home I got to see videos of his beauty of a drop pass and his fight. :)
Seriously! This holiday is the most boring holiday ever ><
I hate the fact my dad lives in the country... annoying.
Wish I could be home right now...4 more days!
Nothing worse than a screaming child on a train
Attention all club promoters: prepare to be deleted.
Imma need people to realize that waking me up in the morning is the wrong thing to do
I hate when people are all up in my business.
Anyone that says that man flu isn't a real condition is lying
Just waved to Mr. Moundros across the lunch room with ClaireTucker6
Shelbs511 grandma just compared you and your moms boobs
Why is finding the good deed feed in the Metro, now the hardest thing to do! I need good deeds in the morning!
Nails done:) now off to get some last bits and pieces for hols!
xSpecial__K Thanks for the follow hon! xoxo
i hate when ppl have a convo with other ppl nd not mention them in it... i feel like they're talking to themselves,
God bless shayii!(Tea)
Youadore_Jade Yeahhh (in my jezzy voice) lol we getting it inn
Glad for NO school
Wonder if Lauren wants to ditch her family and hang out.. I feel like it's needed and idk why we never hang out.
What up world!! Im just happy to be alive
the way it feels outside makes me wish i was on the beach wit my cola smoking a blunt and just looking at the stars while we talk aww
: Fall out - Marianas Trench, love.
_JordOfTheRings very good, very good
Mann you can give me your little attitude but at the end i still got your girl
This nigga next to me says trill in every sentence
YoBitchAintMe_ Is never on Twitter anymore!!..
why is michigan weather so bipolar?
I'm married to a veteran.
Thank you to my whole twitter family! All of you give me hope, inspire me& help me see the beauty in this world. TY 4 ALL RTs& FF s!!
life I must say is working out pretty nice,,,,people do change, i can change and bonds become stronger..
Finished all my hw now watching the AMA's!
Waiting for my actual legit College Counselor's call....
Sometimes you don't get what you want. But you get what you need.
Woke up without a boy
montanakitt defs just had 105, got I followed by someone
“LadyTameka: Sometimes ur too busy...make time for love, find that balance...its a beautiful thing with the right person! Love”
Hahahaha TGIF then the weekend
If I left my soup out on the counter... That's not an invitation for you to eat it
Jennbean55 lindseymccay hayleyschaeff it's not opening
I think I'm ready for my English presentation tomorrow
Jack and Jill was actually a pretty funny movie.
ZackRyder Why do you not answer to any of my questions ?
_JoshDixon i feel you hurt lol
shutup you're so
Church play today! Hope i dont mess up my reading part!
Real_Liam_Payne in the space of hardly 3 hours, WMYB has jumped from no. 10 to no. 5 on the Aussie iTunes chart! :)
K, no bed bugs. Big ol' comfy bed. Now time 2 review this instructor guide for 2moro's training class.
That awkward moment when All I Want For Christmas Is You is playing and you have nobody to sing it to
Neat and sweet count down
2nd day of hockey tryouts
julilly lol I almost deleted it when we were in line for the shuttle cos he was facing the wrong way then Rose distracted me.
i feel amazing right now i worked out for 60 minutes and lost 322.7 calories
I feel bad for the hobos and poor people that arent eating today ...
I don't want you to just be my prince, I want you to fight for me like a knight in shining armor.
Not really sure about all this??
Thank God for His grace and mercy. You didn't have to do it but You did and for that I am
Fellas: Stop selling these chicks hoop dreams. Believe it or not, some chicks buy it.
Time for Walk Through Bethlehem!!
Two girls one cup is trending hahahaha
The HOUSENGAS are Over for thanksgiving ! Thankful  RyanHousenga
stand in the elections queue
Ready for NBA games to start readytomeetmyman(aka dirky)
On the road back home...
Don't why He did it. I can't explain. How can you love the sinner that's desecrated your name. ~ lecrae
Yeaa.. I feel so loved and welcome.
I've so much planned already for next year though!! Going to see One Direction, The Wanted and Derren Brown in the first 3 months
This whole Don't Worry About Anything thing makes living a lot more fun.
panthers can't gimme a dub for my bday.
I will never understand smokers
Girls who cry over everything..
Buble is waiting for us in our inboxes
DiorDazed i miss you so much,reali wana cum dat side...
This girl talking to me down town just now was so cute, but she kept sucking her teeth.
HATE WHEN PPLPOCKET OR BUTT DIAL ME IT'Z FCKN
SwaggaLike_Dom KPangos yessir. I'm proud of all of them. My young boy O_Ash had like 6 dunks last night. These guys are reppin!!!
Oh my lord!! My day has just been made when my customer when flyin after he tripped over our coffee table!!
these announcers are
IfYouWantToDateMe you have to play call of duty
Time to eat!!! Yaaay
Chillin' with good friends!
Beavis and Butthead bring out my immaturity.
Finally Home! Hooray! And just found out that I got into Tulsa University. Double Yay!
Not sure that my friends are really there
sufcmcburnie And 2 players called up to the world cup squads, despite being championship players
a year ago she was  what? Busted bitch gone Barbie
roadpol_east correct use of fogs? Hmm novel!
Just left my last dancehall-lesson for this year! It has been so fun, great months!
i'm excited about getting some boxes to put presents in
I officially hate packing peanuts...they stick to everything.
for team_jessib not to be following me back tho...sad:-(
SkinWade BenRogers watching game online & it sucks. it's a Thunder broadcast. These guys r thrilled every time there's a dunk.
people that tweet about their life every god damn minture are
haleypowell_ thats more like it!!
  2 hearts are needed for love, you have the second heart xRenateF # 
I just wrote two papers in 6 1/2 hours. This is my life now.
there's faith in
Boy.... snow this time of year makes me feel like I'm back n VA :(
What up with mobile websites that don't give an option for the full site?
jdesancha When are you back next? Can we cuddle? I find out if we have got those naughty Pompey ticket SOON. We'reComingForYou
Jordan_Yeary no lying here. I forgot to say thankful haha
First time I've never had any surgeries during finals week in my college career! Wierd because my grades r a reflection of that !
AlixCMontet My nuts hang like there aint no curfew.
I asked x_htebazile to marry me today and she said no.
sandimcminn whoo hoo!!! i'm
CoPetey28 same here bro I was looking forward to watching it all day
Wow kwiltj just took Voxer to a whole other level.
Gross. Can't believe you are doing this in front of me
Jonnyy_rosss yeah freaking buddy. i am back tomorrow!!!!
Today could not get any worse
i can't believe this. my fucking brother's in an Evanescence concert right now and i'm stuck here in this fucking house!
“CEOKhacki Blessed to see another God given day Thankful”
My house smell like gumbo
Yessss going to Costco:').
I hate it when people upfate their status every two seconds on facebook, get twitter and stop spamming my news feed!
Disappointed my packers lost. What. The. Fuck.
Couples in the hall way are so fucking
At winco buying are stuff for Mf'N turkey daaayy! Excited.
Doin' some shopping for my business! Fun fun fun!!
I've either got to take out 12 or so rows on this mask or have raeisfoamy rearrange her chin so it's under her ear.
Just one of those nights I guess...
new phone finally...just trying to actvate it smh
baby_jaeee no 11:11 tweet tonight?
Sssooo my lil big sis PawsNPumps is here?!?! excited ^_^
I just want to feel better already!
don't worry about what I want, you just go ahead and do whatever the hell you want.
“wbbfan4ever: K_PoBeastin All holidays live in u 24/7 :) TooBlessedToStress GoBombers” They Live In u 2, We Just Gotta Stay Thankful :)
For a guy who says he doesn't talk a lot... you sure do talk a lot smh
Well, im getting ready to hit the road...
somebody working on my twitter
Every time u come to this class she stares at me. Its so
MileyCyrus HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!!!! Omg You have 19 years old :)  Always With You :D Smiler Forever
Cause I  love YOU!... and YOU show me Jesus. What it really means to
Who's the idiot that parked in the middle of the parking lot??? Hahhahahaha
Thanksgiving baking starts tonight :)
And the library closing time song is playing
I wish iPhone battery would last more then a day
so much drama on fbook right now between random people. annoying er annoying. i'm gonna say
Getting more decorations for the Christmas party. excited!
Holy shit, i lost 15 followers today. And i hardly tweeted.
grinding4ddub To my crazy DJ who never sleeps...I am so happy to have u in my timeline! I hope you have a wonderful thanksgiving :)
Wen u see a chance 2mayb hav a nice relationship w a girl u lik wat wld u do let it pass u by bc u thnk shes too gd 4u or tak a chance
My momas gettin me a pumpkin pie blizzard
why does my iphone display tweets I've already read before when I open twitter. am I the only 1
Can never get away! Always around me!
I have a voice recital tomorrow night and my throat hurts not good!
it will rain - bruno mars
Follow me for relatable tweets + love advice!
_christineto never mind boo never mind. It was supposed to be a joke. I was talking about you like I never heard of you.
Wish he wasn't sleep
i could offer yu a warm embrace
Watching BwayGodspell on Rosie. Crying. I miss it. It was my heaven. One wish before I die, be in a show of Godspell.
Baby i feeeeel like am flyn over the moon......
Does beating a mouse against a wall make it work?
I love that I get to eat all this wonderful food and get it half price:] I think I'm going to like the food business. happy.
Pretty excited for this sandwich at podestos.
Al fin me anda monsterdivx, cuevana ya te reemplace defininitivamente, a ver el cap de gossip, y arranco con la 5ta!
I couldn't ask for anyone better happy myboyfriendsperfect :)
Can't wait to find out the sex of my little niece/nephew tmrw!!
4days till the tour xox
Just became mayor of the welshpool auspost business centre
Measure a person not by their worth or yours, but how high they actually stand from the ground... Thankful...
I REALLY fucking hate repeating myself. Fucking A.
mary_andrea95 hmm, did you forget to tag me in that tweet?
A week in ldn with my cousin is just what I need! excited ONEAthlete
winter break starts soon
My mom pisses me off SO easily.. Same talks everyday of my life !
MA SISTER IS BURNIN UP
Technology is so fucked up sometimes. It just stops working.
Lost both my best friends
drove to school with my trunk open AND lost my breakfast ):
Aerosmith - Hole In My Soul   ( LOVE!! )
Man! We went in at the spot tonight! Praise God for bold ministry and receptive ears...
In another life, I would be your girl, We'd keep all our promises be us against the world :)
Visiting Fortis & finally meeting my roomie.
Life goes fast; live it to the fullest, cause you only have one life.
Why is my phone clicking favorite for me when I don't want it to??
Just read the story of Chicago's Ben Wilson, 1 HS player in the country, and was murdered the night before his senior season in 1984.
at a loss for wrds...
got some greatnews..shopping with the bestfriend tomorrow!!
Thanks for the call bro love jake_m_45
Me & brown_beauty95 pulled an all nighter !
all these damn channels and nothing to watch !
jessicapaige544 has some good jokes! She be cracking em all night.
When I say pick me up at 7, that doesn't mean leave your house at 7:10 when you live 15min away
God always looking out for ya boy, he made it where my teacher postponed the test....
I Wonder Kann I Always Beh Happy!!
I hate the tags on undies that somehow always itch the low part of my back and the tippy top off my but
i wish it was tuesday!
My mom is making  eggnog with captain Morgan:) happy!
lol greatly appreciated the
I'm thanking God for winning me in 1st place (year level) and 3rd for the all year level. :\ I'LL GET OVER IT SOON... A Bit
Can i just drop out of school and watch Friends all day long? That would make me truly
Wiskazz it won't be the same meowt you!
“TRIXIE2X “BRKLYN_BRED I love my friends. We always get right back no matter how long its been. love””
Tonight was def.ly cracking he put it down down down :)
KFlowz tell me about it..
KayciWoodley watching morrison and casey westfield
Its a better morning, and a better me! :) GOODMORNING!!
Machine Gun Kelly named Breakthrough MC of the Year by MTV...
Real_Liam_Payne You would have never thought that last year, would you? (:
Don't know why they put Lil Wayne songs on the radio, if they're gonna bleep out the entire song
Been off ill today, pretty proud that i haven't tried to go on facebook, haven't been on now for two and a half weeks
imthankfulfor being able to give up my pride & surrender to God lol
You are > but not  < fucking
FistPumpaaa ThatAwkwardMoment when you call Shishkabob28 when she is sleeping and she picks up but no one is there...
Oh my. I'm past my 100th tweet and I didn't even acknowledge it..
CantWaitToSee my broey and sister, dj and kiki tmrw theyre coming from kansas city i havent seen them in 2 yrs ;-)
Take your child in a cab. Better yet, buy a car.
Woke up and found out a tumblr website posted my picture.
I've just waited three hours for a job interview. What a great way to spend my day off.
vas-y, mon frère me fout son tattoo sous mon nez
I have been laying down in the dark for the last 2 hours trying to go to sleep! >:(
So Got 1 More Test Till Christmas Break! Excited!
ShannonLeto congrats, it's great
She don't even deserve your
Hate when you rellllle need toilet but cba to move
EricBotteghin Feliz Natal e um feliz ano novo Eric! Great first season half for you. Once you gained your spot, you never let it go!
losing followers by the day.
Thank God for allowing me another day blessed and
Rick Santorum didn't finish his first sentence
Haven't talked to gagasdolly today.. Sadness :(
jasmine_mahal katrenekrikor I have actually gotten out of the shower a few times because I've thought that…
Done with morning conditioning for a week..
If one more person acts like my IQ means I should know everything I'm gonna get a brick launcher.
Thank you sososoo much
Everything I touch ends up lost
So many blackberries up in this crib I can't tell who's alarm is going ape shit right now and I'm too lazy to check! Annoyed!
StephVanilla can't wait till u come backkkkkk!
Hate getting in the shower right after someone else
Morning breath< Rebecca black
getting my hair dyed red tomorrow!
MareshahScott wait let me check my messages....none from you
Thats what i sed n shit bruh...RT NIKKI_B2U: dats
Conversations are allowed to be about something other than bashing someone and talking total shit about people. You know that, right?
Lol I hate Merlin why do I watch this.
JayTommo louis and the boys did great!
will sleep now.. early flight to Calatagan tomorrow.. good night!
Crying my fucking eyes out can't believe thiis..
When she looks good from a distance
Cleaning my room ^.^ Why am I happy? Because dirty ominous rooms are just DISGUSTING!
who's gonna try and make you laugh, remind you life ain't all that bad - i will... DiaFramps & blakeshelton
Time is the biggest barrier
Almost done X mas shopping!
Try as I might I can't be mean that long! Damnit this thing called
Lolllaaa shunted to the side once again. The days where we had matching advent calendars
25 days of christmas starts this sunday!!!!
Hold up... You walking around looking 99.9% bust up, talking about how you don't need a man!!!
Only have to work a half day.  I am ready to start the long Thanksgiving Weekend!
Another CBJ move to make the fans think they are doing something,
mrycuevas5 let me see them..i can never get enough of him
I created the most awesome Christmas playlist in the history of Christmas playlists...only my favorite songs. ha!
If somebody came up behind me and stabbed me... I'd be fine with it
Follow LeukezinnenNL , Gun ze die 4.000
i leave with what i came with.
this desk squeaks every time i try to type  .  . . this is not going to work for me.
OMG my head hurt so bad......sad ;)
DeStorm I'm very sorry. Please forgive me ima major fan! I dont kno how to delete it but I changed my name+profile!
In a Taylor Swift Mood
CHARLEYSOFFE ahh thanks, will do, will be txting you constant..
3 days till turkey time!
Really putting off having to record my news story in Multimedia.
Want to wish all the troops over seas and soldiers here in the states a Happy Thanksgiving. Thank you for all you have done.
Don't really wanna go to school tomorrow .
i swear, i might aswell only be following 9/10 people because they seem to cover my twitter.
This week is going by fast
Real_Liam_Payne well done baby! Only 100,000 till a million, proud xxx
Tbh ! None of u bitches know me to be judging me WTF !?! u gotta problem with me ask me if igive a fuck ! Do something bout it -.-
When ayden doesnt let me close to him when he sleeps I lowkey get
I hate looking in from the outside. I miss my friends. Even if they don't.
Bmsiegel_5 same this. This never happens.
miss paris so so much, had the time of my life:(!
Couple more days and I get to love on my Bigmama!!!
yeah buddy nog 1 follower dan 170
Thank you Jesus for blessing me with My family My friends and My amazing boyfriend
lovealwaysabby1 im gonna cry myself to sleep now :/
I fucked dat tweet up! I meant couldn't imagine being with anyone else!
you got a new friend well I got Homies, but in the end its still so
Eff my life...he just killed it...Rachel has to come out and be amazing now!!!
I know I got u hooked on this
I just cooked a successful meal by myself!
RobinFayMassie MercyMusicians Thankyou Sis  !!!!! So happy to have you on my TL 2 Sweetiepie
That awkward moment when you wake up and reach for someone that isn't there...
justinbieber  UnderTheMistletoe is amazing !!! follow back please ?? love ya ..proud 21
Knees are killing me. I'm really hoping I'll be able to walk in the morning :/
When you have the chance to help a 5 months baby going into an open heart surgery but then you lack the right blood type
TattedKID_BBM damn thas how u feel bout me now thought i was ya buddy smh hurt lol
I bet there's actually a lot of homo with you.. worried darcimenzer
Just bought converse and a shitload of gaga necessities.
Apparently Sunday is a work day in Dubai! Finished on phone with nice lady from HR who will help me with applying for work visa!
Nothing better than getting into fresh bedding after work when its this cold :)
Its Going DownRT LADYathlete Basketball Season Starts Tomorrow ^.^ . December 16th ; 1st game .
First final in 45 minutes!
Actually tired tonight
Wrapping presents gets me even more ready for Christmas.
Congratulations KourtneyKardash and ScottDisick!!! You're gonna have the 2nd cutest baby ever :)
Bomb threat at school? Heck yes!
Still get carded for r rated movies at Walmart
Girls basketball is soooooo awful!
KimKarGrice damn i need it all i need is 2 pulls n ill b high af..lol
Gosh I love sales!
I <3 MY Southernbell .. she really cracks up
sat in darkness cause my mum turn the outside lights on
2 days till jersey
MARIAHCAREY I LOVE YOU :D' Happy New Year and have a good christmas !! LOVE <6
Did BenGosselin really just tweet at me? Wow. honored. thankful.
I  can't wait to go to NYC with MorganKornfeind this weekend
Nothing's perfect but this is worth it..
good morning? Ugh test in an hour
Christmas in 2 weeks!
Its 4oclock feeling like 9oclock.. Is it summer yet??..
I haven't been able to send out xmas cards this year :(
My 5,000th tweet goes to my mommy. :) I'm so thankful for her. She does absolutely anything to make us kids happy.
weak season finale of BMS
Cant believe my daddy is blastin me in church like this
Life is a challenge, meet it! Life is a game, play it! Life is love, enjoy it!
I love my boyfriend
“GotToHave_SWAY Nun ever goes rite n my life its kinda depressing”
dexter season 6 was awesome just finished watching it roll on the next
NatalieMiska  I didn't think Mickey and Minnie mouse even EXISTED in real life?
First bills game tomorrow newbe excited :)
xrebel09xlee BobbyGee85 shit bob half ur tweets r startin arguements lol
alfanograce grace!! come back!! we miss u!!
Is it baseball season yet?
i can't live w/o you.
Friday needs to come faster I need to see my best friends bridgebloch & swany_3
The pride and prejudice soundtrack really just makes life better as a whole!
I'm kinda over my basketball team.
Doctors went great. But then they talk to me about my eating habits.
I Wanna Go Back To Sleep!
I hate people that call me at work
birthdaay in fifteen dayssss :)
sleepy *yawn* goodnight twitter! ;;)
I've looked in a couple of my female followers dm's & niggas b dm'n the dumbest shit they b to thirsty its
I hope my mommy puts the rest of my money in my account to I can go Black Friday shopping ;D
phone ain't even working
Mwahaha! I am now a college Freshman at Pellissippi State! :) excited!
Days like tonight make me realize how lucky I am to have ecruz123 by my side. Words couldn't express how much he means to me.
Imagine switching how u feel in the morning to bed time and feeling how u do before bed to when u wake in the morning.
WTH!? Katipunan is traffic!?
Ms_James25 hahahaha mannnnnn what! My phone be suppper dry....I b praying somebody hmu
Hoeveel euro deden we? Jillhuizinga ilonaverheggen Tessaa06 evaschellens joycexkuss
got my headphones on and got my music flowing sad:-(
Going for an engineering job today... nervous bringon2012!
IAMGraceGreene I'm getting a Traineeship up in QLD and living with my brother. Prob get a 2nd job to save up! :3
Mañana se va mi jugador favorito del Real Cartagena :(
EmmaClapham William__Carter fleurio_ just left tomhawkins_ he's heading to the 11th
Watching the Bowl Selection show with my wife
“ILive4Madison My Birthday is in 2 weeks excited”
Just gonna take a shower, get pretty, and do the same thing I've done all week...stay home not doing shit.
The inside of my car is absolutely filthy
gemmahendy I've got my pocket money keeping me going atm!
I hate this class so much. Depressed rachelbenway
Planet of the Apes.
This 6 page paper needs to be single spaced...I thought the standard was double.
I got my baptism on dvd today!
kirstiealley JulietteLewis Kirstie: Knew you were smoking, but didn't know you smoke.
- watching harry potter and the half-blood prince. love this series of books and movies there awesome
Finally getting to watch
“katieblosveren: Thank god track is starting soon needtoworkout fatgirlprobz” amen to that
I've decided there are few better things than chatting and cooking into The night with one of your closest friends.
In Florida .... Weather is blessed..
I'm happy AF. Insomniacs come ovz. All that marathon tonight!
I live a good life
so TheMarkHenry is dominant for MONTHS and then big show does that? what an anti-climax....
Instagram is coming to android?
MegTheSequel yes! Rachel and Brendon!!
Can't wait for Kian_Lawley & SamPottorff 's new music video. <333 :)
that was enough to get me pumped up in the morning!!
Gaaa leeee this chick..... Tell me one thing do something completely different.
Why does my special day have to be ruined? Are you kidding me.
It smells like someone legit pooped in my ethics classroom.
getting frustrated with you!
Hope you have all had a great Saturday >>> BevStubbs anglo_scot Spangles08 aiba_8 mariaineselvira
my toe is asleep.
This red velvet cheesecake tho
Just got off the phone with me baeee yeah we official now 11.15.11 Love :-)
Excuse me Ma'am, would you like me to taze your shrieking child for you? annoying...
Oh great. Thanks mom for putting all these bad thoughts in my head :/
For all the blessings I consider necessities
Finalement repos ce soir...week-end prolongé
Some things can ruin your day real quick
After yoga this morning I thought a nice cold shower sounded really great. Then realized hot water is an option here.
sometimes i wish i can hide from the world but i manage to get sucked bak in
Someone really needs to beat Green Bay
And I can sleep with my eyes open!!! My talent only include sleeping meaning the only thing I can do is sleeping
Fuck fuck fuuck lost by one pt smh shoulda put michael bush in not bitch ass tolbert suck ass fat fuck
So sick of seein these desperate woman!! Men dont like it so jus giveitup already!!! SMH
P Ledin hyllade sångaren i vårt band (Ebba Blitz) Petter Nilsson under intervjun i Canal+.Han inspirerade att visa känslor efter mål.
Jojo cries about something new every 30 seconds
The sound of rain hitting my windowpane.
So i texted MakeHerWETWest and he didnt text back sad :(
I'd hire u!RT CocktailDeeva: Dusted off the Power Suit...Skipped the 2pm Martini ;) & Off to a Job Interview...it's been YEARS....
Finnsta buy a tree tonight
can we stop getting pop quizes in english already?!
Hate it when people don't realise how much of a dick they are being
At some point today I have to go to the post office and give the manager a good talking to.
Can he melt your heart with a country song that every boy should know. JustinColeMoore
This dude is about to meet my cowbell with his head if he doesn't stop beating his on the rail!
Baby showers are the new weddings
Texting and walking down the stairs takes talent. Talent that I apparently don't acquire.
I love my friends
On the side of the 427 with a dead Bee, watch out for me :(
somehow all that matters now is you are holy, holy
GVogelaar I hope you like ping pong. I just bought a table.
Can't believe tomorrow is 3 months with the best boyfriend ever!!(:
Just got the go ahead for my first official remix for another Irish artist!
When people have plans but you push em to later because you wanna do shit -__-
Someone go to the gym with me
AHHH Just Found Out The Guy I Have Like Has A GirlFriend! sad upset !!! whyme !! ;(
Tired of life , wanna give up .
torixxwhitexx Sam said you would give me a clue to my present
sigh so then why am I here again? Clearly I wasnt needed
she's got everything i could want. hopefully i can be everything she wants. Happy Smiles #<3
I wish he would hve took his ass ta work
Goin to the movies tonight with Jay_L_G and Mizz_Jazzy_Pha :-D Im too
I am one hell of a burper.
At krispykreme and i just saw that they have one of the Santa Teresa school shirts! proud!
Finally got everything I need to bake my pies!!! Excited.
I slept good & bad last night probablly cause I had that big room all to myself. MyPRICEisRiight roomie come back!
Wendy's just showed
Sooo ready to go home & see the fam for Thanksgiving
I wish girls respected themselves more. But they don't.
My advent calendar lasted 3 days..that's a record for me
Jus got a phone call bout a job I been wantin
How is this lecturer making us analyse ourselves with SWOT?
Some ppl need to stfu on the bus
I hate when people talk to me as I shove food in my mouth
Do you believe in love at a first sight? Or should i walk by again? (;
NARRETTAA I know it'd be actually wicked!! Need to think what song ahhh!
Disappearing in a book..
the only reason im upset about changing schools is mr hagan, im gonna fail chem now /:
I'm not even fully awake and I did that!
Congrats thecivilwars on the theGrammys nominations.
Aww, Bless your heart... This Holy Hip Hop song that is theologically incorrect.
I'm thankful that my body allows me to lift an Arrowhead bottle of H20! Those suckers are heavy! b thankful fitbook
When I'm in the mood can't no one hang
23sandSBs I was suppose to be your 10,000th tweet!! disappointed.
jennajameson   Thank You for what you do! You are an ICON!
Just saw SNCmusic on the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade! Congrats to Urbandale grads doing great things!
Feeling like he's a good one. :)
Any suggestions for how to deal with neighbours that play loud music 24/7 and absolutely refuse to turn it down when asked?
OhMyyyGoodness... I just got the Phone Call I've been waiting on AllMyLife LoL... SoSerious I want speak on it just yet but I am
Sleep. New job starts in the morning :)
justinbieber Everything I did for liltwist was for you, like following him and voting for him ;D Love you so much <3 much
natansh :O u dont know me at all
This isn't good for me.
jaysoskillions TOTALLY nailed this hook. excited!
Harry_Styles Gonna buy your album <3 eep!!!
Dis friday is abortion time.. happy af
IForgiveYou if your name is chrisbrown  lmao alll day longg babyy. i'll forgive anything he does.
I did my best. My very very best. But I think.. that's not enough for you to love me :(
racheljenniferr Yeah but Ben has a basket ball game up there soon.... excited.
Shid. I b 'Him' if Yu want me too. Lonely. :(
you treat me like crap and I treat you like an angel
“Nessaa_Wessaa: Smh, I only need 60 more followers to get 1000 but it's taking FOREVER. Ughh annoying.”
U make me smile and I honestly can't stop thinking about! :)
Client just gave me a bottle of Alpha Omega  2009 cab
You don't know what you have till its gone
When Will I Start Lookin My Age & Not My Shoe Size? :(
I wasted $15 last night on 8 good songs...
It's that time of the night when i put on the hubster's music :)
officialjaden you mean a lot for me, you are my model and my idol. Thanks to be who you are!
Chillen at my airplane hangar with my dad!
; is too young to have a job
so tired but idk why.... hopefully everything is alright.
kodered1984 you FUCKING kidding me!? Then again you're a Christina Milan Fan...
12 days till the big 1-6
People who think the world revolves around them... Aka
i have to go school this afternoon though.
Think I'm gona put this zipit button to use...
Have never ever eaten so much in my life! Thank you veek_vk and TashaSmith94
Fuck you I'm done ...
Making a new spanish cd..
kpfreisen OO EMM GEEE!!! Ik!! Bring a candle!!!! We can sing happy birthdays to MEEE!!!!(;
Can Believe This Ish
augustana on the radio.
a partir de hoy, a revisar el correo de la U cada media hora para ver si ya colocaron las notas :P
Looking for christmas tree and stuff! :)
I never catch selenagomez online ...!
omg the band perry performing free fallin
I just want to go home!!!!! So sick of this week
To be loved and shown that love is a great feeling
Sleep, why must you always elude me?
Done with school until january 10th!
Rocky really needs to learn that just because they are a dude and my bud does not mean he can rack them and kick them..
ibieberheartsx Today was okay, nothing much. But tomorrow I'm going to meet my old neighbours. Gosh, I'm excited! (:
I'm hardcore upset
Tiempo sin ver Fox Life
Panic! At the Disco playing at Cardinals' Stadium.
Girls in middle-high school w/ beads in they hair
 pacman wake up!! You can do it..
Less than a week now until I can have my man back from afghan!
lying on ya dick ? thats
Hervine ahah j'ai bu genre 4/5 coupes je suis bourrée as fuck! Merci! LOVE <3
just studied science & music for 2 hours, wrote out so much!!
waiting for missglamorazzi's vlogmas video for today! Excited.
people are getting on my nerves
Got up an gave this child some milk, an knw I cnt seem to go bk to sleep!! Damn I hate when dis shyt happens!!!
People Tweet & Talk All This Shit That Really Be Real But Don't Live By It
AmyAvenged it's going to be brilliant!
Get my Proofs tomorrow
Omg. I haven't seen this movie in FOREVER!
He Txted My 'I Love You' In A Whole Different language !
DAm I'm the only nigga up
At the doctor waiting to see these MRI results!
should be a goodnight!
oomf needa stop tweeting so damn much about dumb shit
It's all because of karoline
I fell on my ass like a total idiot.
My mom needs to stop telling me what todo with MY money!!
Going home today!!! :D winterbreak excited!!
kelseydenker missing you at the pasta house
Grant_gatsby your not the only one! someone spelled it COURTNEY! that's no where even clossssseeeeeee!!!!!!!
About to make a mean pot of coffee with peppermint mocha creamer. Mmm!
Glad to be salvadorian
Rumors of an Obama and Clinton ticket in 2012!!
Goin 2 watch the mighty Arsenal 2day!!!
keeyen12 OMG your home? I haven't been on twitter ALL day! Just got
Guy just came over and finalized everything for our pool. They start building in 2-3 weeks.
damn, i just got invited into a soccer camp at lewis university over the summer.
rioferdy5 WayneRooney StanCollymore why are the Man utd players not donating there shirts to stan colleymore please Donate
Gizmo keeps farting and it stinks
MTmarie_p_s /Need to go shopping. The thought of it fills me with dread. I hate crowds (especially this time of the year)
This phone at my Gma house ring EVERY SINGLE SECOND!!!
Also, I had a chocolate eclair for dessert.
iF iLasted The Whole Day With Out Texting You, Than iCan Last My Whole Life With Out You . <3 (:  Happy ;p
I couldn't ask for a better boyfriend
Friday need I say more
listening to the lazy song, i still remember the words
in love with katy perrys new song
PaolaOeste JTLovell1979 I've got some 12 bar blues made by an Apple YTS boy.
Busy first day back after a day off, but still managed to go for my walk & stretch... and avoid the doughnut holes.
tiffanydawnn_ I think she does it for attention
Finally, my Christmas break has begun. (: Christmas Break Happy!
Great nap... Wish I hd someone wake up too
Sometimes I do look at myself and say: would I date me?
Birthday completed :) got my birthday kiss of the night :)
Christmas lights=loads of work! can't get electrical outlets to work a day later, even replaced the GFI still not working.
Oh gosh where the eff is my brother..... Stupid teacher letting her students out without the guardian ugh
GREATTTT WIN A WHILE AGO!!!!!
Tryna take this individuals eyelashes off
I'm afraid sometimes you'll play lonely games too, games you can't win because you'll play against you.~Dr Seuss
I have a million black tank tops yet I can't find one,
Thanks my new followers imposts CathalShayan620 BradDaviesSEO Ineshyp infostripe aozkffsdkz611 Ineshyp I appreciated your LOVE :)
Nine days until
Haven't sleept, too much on my mind.  :(  I love my baby, so much wish he would text me. D:
emoadams you up early bra.
DimpleSoSweet is something gng 2 happen ..nytym soon *raised eyebrow*
TysonDueck the twitter community is so supportive of my destructive habits :)
63 degrees today? Wtf
I Thought u were my life but u hurted me Badly
mommy daughter day 2morrow excited lol
cant even walk im my room cos its so messy.
Love my girls more than enything. Karolinekhk and Sofi4ever1<3
getting so much more excited for christmas, can't wait to go home :)
H2SMOOVE92 Happy Thanks Giving's to you hunni!!! We r Favored believe it• He kept us another Year!
What creature puts mustard on a chicken burger!
my sister and i are having a twilight saga marathon + eating chocolate & drinking tea.
Happy 10th Birthday to my baby girl Angel
Ohk, let us embark on this journey....dusty plains here we come
Can't quit reminding people that Saturday is my birthday!
Yayyy my voice recorder arrived
This BIG white girl just let her whole ass overflow out her jeans (>.<)..it was like she poured to much of herself in a glass.
Crimbo Shop Start 2morro BABY! LOVE Christmas! CantWait excited!
reunited with my boys jakellisperry suckstosuck kendog is
hair didnt even go darker :(, this makes me sad,
Hate it when your channel surfing and EVERY channel is on commerical... Ugh
S/O to all my followers, new & old.
Annoyed I didn't go out lastnight
In honor of O'Give Thanks Week at my church Im giving up Facebook & Twitter for the week starting at midnight until Friday!
Ryan keeps pulling out in front of people then he waves at them excitedly.
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TWITTER FAMILY. I'M THANKFUL FOR MY FAMILY, FRIENDS AND JUST LIFE IN GENERAL. PLUS MY BROTHER HOME SO I'M GOOD.
Pitchers with princess debo!!
Last day of no class. sad :(
im loving the support from MsTandiNgubane for Daniel_Sannn
Screw you caps I'm tired of watching your poor performances!
T.G.I.F. In about 13 hours I'm gonna party it up!!!!!
Shot ouy to all the Veterans out there! Big ups to my big bro Que for fighting for this country, I love you!
Why the hell am I so tired all the time
everytime i try to leve something keeps pulling me back telling me that without him my heart will forvevr be missing something
travisrclark YES!!! YES!!! YES!!! KingTravisClothing Excited! :D
HarrisonSmithDJ most cringe thing I've ever witnessed!!
Fern does not know how to use the defrost in his car
i'm on the verge of shaving all my hair off.
Hate when plans don't follow through...don't make them if you can't keep them
1HOUR till AustinMahone 's ustream excited !!! :]
Feelin Good Feelin Great But Yet
I have no privacy in this house.
Louis_Tomlinson gaaad, why don't I live in the UK right now..
When that one person changes your opinion on relationships
I get to see my nicollaagadsdon tonight
Long day but made good money!
Hate it when someone follows you, so you follow back, you put up with their constant tweets & then they unfollow you
I hear they're tearing down sets now.
Had Ihop with Pastor & Bishop! Now time to celebrate Jesus @ E.L.I.M
I got the ticket
Thanking tha lord 4 wakin me N my lil family diz mornin!
laurianamae my neighbors are gonna hate you for keeping them up so late rattling their walls w that MoneyMae joint and wakin up to
Im done playing games
da week has finally come to an end..
Alhamdulillah! Dpt pergi final. I'm so happy!
TStegall20 your my favorite thing he has given me!!
kevinjonas YOU ARE PERFECT , don't let anyone , ANYONE ever bring you down
Getting dressed for the last 12-hour shift that lies between me and my nine day vacation.
Watching Muppet Babies with ralph_nerd.
Ima shxt my life away soon...but it was worth it.
I need to buckle down and hire some elves.
Great day! And wknd so far! And now only 28 days till I go home 2 NY! Can't wait 2 b wit my lil brother!
beccaphant Oh my goodness... what song is it that Im singing??
Love love love Holding out for a hero, Almost Paradise, and Let's hear it for the boy; off the new Footloose soundtrack.
Too early to be awake on a Monday morning. Could have managed at least another hour
s/o to my boys trakes02 derek_willis33 rustytroutman , keep showing out boys
OfficialWillow I'm still upset with you for not saying happy birthday to you on my birthday. depressed wrists//
Dying my grey roots b/c I'm not quite ready for the Zelllers Cafe Early Bird discount... hubby says I now look like a Merganser Duck.
David Villa 6 months out xx'(
When you cry so much, you can't cry anymore... depressed.
arianecdesign Thanks! Flying to Warsaw then Berlin Amsterdam Edinburgh & London
My couch didn't fit in the elevator...great.
Dene_Roth you're hot like a tamale. I miss your spicy self.
Want someone to talk to....
justinbieber UnderTheMIstletoe has so much swag its unbeliebable. OMB its so amazing
When I'm tryin to study, it's rly annoying when my fav movies are on tv
Hyd at last.....home sweet home
Cini_in_abottle aunt sue is not making beef wellington for christmas
LSU please pull Jefferson and put Lee in!
I'm the oddball in this class & have no friends :/
Tall Caramel Macchiato <3
LaLaLaurinator  Dont worry. Im still in bed too.
Cannot wait for my date with momma tonight :)
i hate youtube ads
In Public Speaking class, I practiced my speech and it was LESS THAN THREE MINUTES!!! Now what do I do?!?!?
I just took in how I haven't gotten an advent calendar from my parents
My dad's not really a phone guy but he sucks it up and talks to me that's
JoelAnderton I have no clue what you're talking about
Listng to songs for a beautiful Bride-to-Be. Where did time go? I get to watch my best friend walk down the aisle n just 4 months
Hate when you write a whole essay, think its good. Then actually read it and see how shitty it sounds.
Don't call me to tell me how great your life is without me, call me an tell me how smart I was for leaving you in the past.
ChelseaHouska Snuggled up with Dale watching Christmas movies :(
Nothin better than rollin one up and takin that first hit
Ellie is going to sleep. Goodnight.
Everyone I know goes away in the end
youmoanblancaaa I remember I thought you lived here in Anaheim haha
The fact that the huskies lost to south dakota state makes me never want to watch them ever again
AaronBeausoleil Crod 3 aaron 0 step your game up
Where did the weekend go?
For the many gifts of God to mankind: life, family, friends, money, education, tech., nature..... n most important, His Son,JESUS
i tried to give you the benefit of the doubt but you really do just need all the attention from every guy you talk to, don't you?
my heart is racing and I'm shaking
only could have asked for two things to make this birthday better, but other than that it was one of the best ive ever had.
Saw my best friend Carson today<3 I was so excited I cried.... CoachCarp84 knows, he was there! embarrassing.
Just sayin' that was her first fish tail proud :')
rachelgrolmus I have a feeling I know why you're
Itsme_dreadhead yeah! I'm applying to U of DC...and a few others.
Virgin diaries show cracks me up. disgusting.
You know when she can make my day, everyday, she's a keeper:)
mateoguidicelli ;Pwde mo na ba ako Follow :))FOLLOW ME IF YOU LOVE YOUR FANS:)
bianCUNT hahahahahahahahahhaa thats hilarious, no he just needs to love me :(
A shower after a GREAT workout feels like someone hit the reset button on your life!
People who can't take a joke.
LD bathrooms make me want to barf
I worked pretty hard for that exam.
Jammin' to some justinbieber.
Watching Extreme Makeover Home Edition! Some of these stories are SOO sad! :( Im glad they got an amazing house!
my thoughts never fail to keep me up at night
Work work!! Got dat work!! Um yea sad don't like workin friday and saturday nights!! Da fuck is dis
Who wants to hang out on Friday? :)
Dubbo residents - drop in to our free Anxiety Disorders Forum at 5pm, Wed 23 Nov at West Dubbo Bowling Club
Some people make me mad.
San DIego Super Chargers
MotherUnadorned  having intrusive thoughts this evening. Decided to take a xanax to see if I could get them to stop.
If you cant have a normal conversation without cussing every other word, im not even going to try talking to you..
finals plz don't come i hate you so much
I wonder what makes people think it's ok to blast their music on the mbta at least be throwback and have a big aSs radio annoying!
Abertay principal Nicholas Terry delivers moving thank you speech for HandsOffAbertay campaigners at AbertayUni graduation ceremony
really enjoyed that text -___- .
hugo_london Managed to get tickets for their stadium tour!!!
Asda soon :) Nando's was brilliant! :D
This week: bleaching my teeth, next week: new iPhone arrives bliss !!
NathanTheWanted I'm sure you mean annoying!
2 more days of work and then I get a sleep in woop!
Some people just need to chill the fuck out
Dear Miss Cannell, I regret to inform you that I cannot do my chem homework. Whenever I open my book a page falls out. I'm sorry.
rihanna the new album is amazing,
Tomorrow is the big day...sorry in advance liver.
This Army-Navy game has been a Great Game
I MADE IT INTO SUSQUEHANNA!!!
This little kid is throwing golf balls at me and I'm about to punt him
stix1845 But now I have too much work to do and all I want to do is go to bed! Plus, next semester I won't be able to revert...
Breaking dawn tmrw night ;)
What the hell am I suppose to do in  Walmart for an hour... Stupid eye problems
Kasaboyy omg...congrats..sad I had to find out through twitter..
Watching a bugs life with danebigmankobe  :)
That awkward moment when you realize a girls boyfriend hates her and she doesn't....
I hate people who think just cause I say someone's cute, I like them.
I didn't think it was that hard to make an effort.
Can't wait to be home again
Lesson of the day: Ask and you shall receive - gleaming with happiness !
Glad I'm Not In That Circle Anymore
being single gets old, ready to settle down and find me a gentleman! princesskacii MikyyBella MollyCx33 we'll find him! lonely ):
Little sisters who steal the tv
Ahhh! Lady gaga and I are both left handed. It's a sign.
xfactor if you're going to have rock week, choose rock songs.
Anyone else have arguments in their head with someone they want to argue with but know u can't ever say it to that person ?!?
sidstacy I should be back tomorrow
Think i've broken my toe! :( it hurts so bloody much and can hardly walk
antidora I did not know... excited!
amandashaww it is a great colour isn't it...
Why is everybody irritated lol
Studying for finals with a box of cream puffs...
Ion like guys who think dey da bomb! Like really, get ova yurself
elliot_jordan well I know not to contact you in an emergency!  I did, but I worked it out.
Christian0519 cause I can't wait to
Why am I such a bad driver
I have more retweets than actual tweets on my profile right now
I'm the darkest person in my family.  And I'm
Paranormal Activity 3 wasn't even scary .  disappointed .
Kay_Smoothe im sorry...  Stop Yelling at ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!...
Ooh...! Its a play!
Glad to be out and about with friends this evening - they remind us what's really important in life.
Got this Giant Fan, savesho shouting in my ear
kaypavlik he like never even tweets that much
packing for fall weekend!
Just woke up, and my aunt and uncle from Kentucky are at my house.
Off to the ER i hope its not bad....
its terrible kuz d lies made u more attractive
N8v_Soldier thanks followed and thanks for serving our country
diooooooooooos americana y cuñas con flecos
People don't follow the rules of a relationship anymore. Staying faithful is not a rule anymore either.
Why can't my teachers post test grades within a reasonable time frame?
My night has been made :)
You know, it really sucks when people ALWAYS make their boyfriends their 1 priority and act like their friends don't matter.
SiobhanCash robbuzzkill oh right! You might cry rob but I'm the one who nearly fainted last time
Finallly in houston. Today's gonna be great. happy :)
NINE MORE DAYS!!!!! YAY!
“iAmBrooklyn_ “CondomzR4Pussys Hoes only want money, dick & attention. Sad””
how does daverayner miss on the kickoff!?
Tomorrow around 5 o' clock. My Xmas break actually begins! Excited!
Just cooked myself bacon,sausage and an omelette
Normaal was ik pas nu wakker geworden, en nu zit ik al in de bus naar zwemmen :D
Takin skittlez to the vet tmrw Hana_Malik98
I want my old friends back
Good morning tweeters...don't worry be happy.
NaNoWriMo morning on 39 154 words.
linacswaykus hey no need to be mean here, I never used this before :(
I'm not going to lie, I love dressing up! :)
Wishes my 6 year old would listen!
TheHappyThing Makes my day colorful and happy :))
That awkward moment when you can't tell if it's obnoxiously long thunder or a plane. O.o
BrandonHillary you didn't correct my typo
On train to Luton
looks like there wont be any NBA this season.
I wonder if I'll have 5000 followers today. Almost there. I feel the need to spread the curry love!
Lacey is gonna love my Media essay.
Night in with michael buble and glass of rosè
i just want somebody to teeeexttt!
We've had some good times but nothing lasts forever LearningYoung Happy [=
chemobrainfog got bad news from PS yesterday didn't want to even tell anyone,i think I need to talk :( rather talk about happy thngs,
Go see a counselor, because I can't help you.
On a lighter note, just got another email saying people have favourited some of my snaps on Flickr!
Counting my blessings everyday.
Must be in a very good mood this morning...whipped some french toast with bacon and sausage..
Maaanonion sorry man. <3
carriexopulver shut the fuck up
I am going to flush my sister down the toilet.
24 days until Christmas! excited!
Stoked as fuck to see ChelseaGrinUT on warped. They ALWAYS kill it. And I always practice vocals to their music :')
tea makes everything all warm and fuzzy, life is good again
Now I know it December I look forward to watching Christmas movies now
Heeeyy!! Its a new day
This is really sad.... But its only 5 days till I can start wearing my Christmas Jumpers
You really find out who your friends are when your hurt & crippled...
They building a chipotle in Matteson love.
Awk moment when everyone you're texting leaves...
Going to get my secret Santa gift :))
opened the burgers for lunch only to realise I bought a 2 pack not a 4 pack. Mummy loses out to ravenous boys. disappointing.
Not texting me back
Not how I pictured ending this weekend
Secretly drugging my cat through tuna
Cheeky cinema trip with abi_williams_ lauren_durbin to see new years eve excited!
Christmas with in laws !
LIL_PROPA_G Fasho I used to go to school in the wood on Market @ MarinellosGot a few youngstaz over there vicious o the mic God bless
I love getting goodmorning texts
Can't go out ANYWHERE nowadays! Frickin' rapists around everywhere. Dirty bastards, grow up. ANNOYED!
“TreySongz: Another day to breathe...thanks to the most high. LOVE”
Walking into the Jay Z / Kanye concert at Staples. Heard its sick! excited!
k3swag I'll be sure to not brush my teeth tonight in that case.
Lost my gum fucking
I hate being ADD.
Same shit, different day
You are trashy and
George Washington b shaking his head!!
Gossip is free advertisement... thank you
I walked past a cd shop and thought I saw a KILLSTEENKILL dvd, alas it was Kevin smith. I woulda BOUGHT a Kevin Steen dvd
No one my age should have to go through the shit i go through
How many times does Dermot mention that there's 10,000 people at wembley.
Homework on a Saturday
Y did they let that black nigga talk..
Cant wait for the new alvin and the chipmunks movie
I am looking up how long it is going to take my toe nail to grow back.
Danielle_Lemme Haha nice!! When should we watch the 12th episode of teenwolf?
When movies have mint broads in them
When The ravens kept getting put out of the playoffs by the steelers thats when niggas start saying they
BieberOnTLC and A Michael Buble Christmas
Jus failed that test likea boss depressed :/
Tryna keep myself in bed instead of jumpn up to zydeco Lmao.....Smh
I know I know someday... I'll find someone like you.. =') A better one! Whoo.. pero ang hirap na makahanap ng seryosohan talaga now
:: Can't wait too see my sister Thursday ! :)
Cristiano hopefully as hot as last year but with Madrid playing to their strengths rather than nullifying barca. 5-5 Can't wait!
cant wait for tonights Misfits, excited :D
We actually took this seriously
Rum'n'eggnog apple pie and family
Artur_cap e barbaracaalixto só no love haha
Tired. Doesnt feel like gameday
I don't know what emotion im feeling
sjs34 that's what my plan was but let's not tell the whole world!!
miss_monki whaaaaa!!!! I don't believe it! Yes!!! I remember! Omg don't make me cry! Girl OK NOW WONDER
There is nothing like waking up early to go draw naked chicks in Chicago :)
ONE WEEK UNTIL BREAKING DAWN!
Just doesn't want to be wanted for one thing.
He sent his son for us; he is on our side
So ready to spend today with the family & straight munch..
boy meets world
Back home... Froud's Bridge Marina is lovely: peaceful and tucked away. They reckon there'll be space for Empire come Spring!
Exciting day with richArd John hearing the final new song to Comrade Rockstar
My home page on this new app will not refresh....
this chinese food is not as good as lucky star
Here comes that feeling you thought you'd forgotten..
Dinner with robs family today
Props to _givingin for an amazing show you guys keep getting better and better
I thought I met sweet guys before, but there's no comparison to this one.
I was offered a ticket home..... Lol My mom is going to be like what are you doing home. lol surprise !
Peace, I can't wait 2 cee my uncle B from Baltimore. He's the big brother I'd always wanted but never had.
Simply put, you believe that things or people make you unhappy, but this is not accurate. You make yourself unhappy ~ Dyer
Ur fucking annoying, clearly im not failing any of my classes so im fine
you know its sad when you don't know much about your backgrounds or much about your parents & you find out from your aunt
A night in with beyonce tonight
I wasn't sure if WMU mens hoops would win a game, but I should have had (Division III) Hope.
I'M GOING THE ONE DIRECTION TOUR!!!! Louis_Tomlinson Harry_Styles Real_Liam_Payne NiallOfficial zaynmalik can't wait! So excited !
I'd move back to davenport if it meant I could eat Hungry Hobo every day
joysaphina I hear you're coming home tomorrow.
Thank you soooo much to all my peeps who made this a beautiful day! Y'all tweeps are awsome too! Off to bed now! G'night everyone :)
That moment when you check your phone and ther is no text and right when you set it back down it goes off...
Can someone teach me how to post pictures!!!
That really just pissed me off to the max.
Listening to sappy love songs depressed iwanttocuddle :(
i can't even sit down !
Date night with my momma!!
All family is fucking leaving. Things are much too different now. I miss you all.
My nap was good , until someone turned on the lights
Figures.... these biitches can't hold water.
Ahhhh,united are playing shit atm!
The Notebook is on TV
The face my little brother made when I picked him up from the bus stop was priceless! :))
Daniel_Hagger Danny_Bruce nickabelsmith shots lost 4-0 and ipswich spurs and liverpool all won
I like how oomf hasn't txted me all day or updated me on one of the most important days of her life..
Bath was too hot. Am now bright red and feeling a little faint
Also had some good news today. Next year will be the year that the world will get to know me and my music!
My days ooof mourning are over says the Lord of host
Ah shit. Just got a boner.
trevmuth  ready to teach some spanish!!???
alexxcurtiss SHUT UP just bring her down stairs and shut the door.
Wow literally the roughest bus driver ever! I'm like getting thrown around in my seat lol
I just heard a preview of the new mtrench album. Words can't describe my excitement.
That was so a fumble.
I'm never going be to able to stay happy
School is over ready for my volleyball game
*can't go anywhere without ppl hitting on me! pervs are so
And now your true colors are showing.
That awkward moment when the Raiders get another penalty...
Omg I went to bed after my shoot without fixing my hair!  Ahh. I now look like mufasa! No he looks better
I hate everyone at north.
Thanks dad and all the other veterans that sacrificed to keep us safe
I hope my cousins don't try to get me too effed up tonight ahhhhh excited :)
IM PREORDERING MY ROSELAND DVD THIS WEEK..
I didnt know I was that loud...
I said 'I',then 'we' and then 'I' again and started stuttering after that..
sexiestmanalive PAUL WESLEY !!!
ThatKidKC15 omg, noo   ! My moms gonna go complain to the teacher... Lol
I have jimmy the cat on my chest as I'm about to fall asleep, and He's slowly edging his paw for my face... In a reassuring way.
The Pens need to play smear the queer with tim Thomas no offense he looks like a fat retard no offense x2
danabrass Thank you so much! It was a little project I'd put off for a while now & finally got around to completing.
The airport has to be the saddest place in the world. NoDoubt HomeSick :'(
I absolutely hate having practice at east haven
Dis Dominoes is bout to be
Would usually be asleep now but I'm on the way to college
wow...this coach really wants to talk.
Nanna's singing wmyb
Stuffed ready for my nap!!!
I miss my friends... Wish things could be the way they were.
Up and alive I'm
cLiCk_On_WaYne :Happy Turkey Day Buddy!!! Enjoy and be
I dreamed a dream in time gone by, when cast lists were mailed in just one day
good evening.. grabe FIELD trip nanamen bukas..:]   i love this..;]
First thing in the am checking out my paystub lol
taylorcowboys Only fifty-seven followers, huh?
When people use hashtags on facebook.
Missin the bf. He need to get home. But he at work.
Wow udah minggu advent I.. Christmas is coming!
Last English class of the semester, LES GO!
So virginmobilesa told me my contract would finish on 7 Dec. just got told that actually only ends on 24 Dec.
If I get asked to vote again for the high school thing I'm gonna go crazy.
Girl at my work with a heavy Boston accent....
Gee, gingerdear could really use breakfast at Open City to give her good juju for today. I guess I'll HAVE to endure.
Such a nice day outtt!! chinookwinds :)
what the fuck is going on with everybody?
woke up next to xo_rach &
Had a delicious dinner at my parents house!  Not to mention the wine it was good! :)
Its time for a new piercing or a Tatoo Excited  :]
oh my god AustinMahones grandma is so fudging cute lol :o)
anthonybillups thnks for the follow!I saw u open up for Luke Bryan@ OSD. u were great! my fav song was the one you sang for ur bro.
I'm so happy with my mother right now!!!!
alll i want to do is sleeepppp... but i have to wait to schedule my clases for next semester....
I don't know what to tweet that WON'T make me lose a follower. Every time I post a frickin' tweet, somebody unfollows us.
jasonkriz I was kidding. Dude hasn't talked to me.
Smh my best friend needs to wake up I need to talk to him! Ugh frustrated!
got the foils in my hair, its about alot darker
: Bitches ain't shit.
Doctors appointment for my shoulder
carersrightday! Show some support to those people who care for others. Without such greatness the world would be an even harder place
how can someone paint their nails more than 3 times in one day? i really don't understand
103.5 christmas songs
When will you learn, I don't give a fuck?
I feel like im in radford tonight
dude your so annoying . if i wanted you to know what i was talking about i would of told you .
Canttttt wait for break
Can't upgrade my phone for another month. I'm not desperate to get shot of it, I just want to know what my upgrade options are!
Conojito LizUK ewww! That doesn't sound very pleasant. I hope we don't get that sort of thing in Oxford. Always foggy here
I love thee to the depth and breadth and height my soul can reach. Elizabeth Barrett Browning
MegInTheMirror Any time - anyone who's kind enough to support me gets it right back! You guys are incredible! :)
Happy Sunday!  Great day to spend enjoying faith, family and fellowship with friends.
People care way to much on the things that don't matter
I'm about to pull the same shit I did at that rave Maydaze & destroy my phone.
rustyloveless95 hanging out soon hasn'thappened sad !
Shout out to WJBMI for my first Christmas card in the mail this season!
Depressed at how unwhite and rooty my hair is.
kwils22 i just make jokes... that sometimes offend ppl lol love :)
All I want to do is go home! Hell I been taking a test all morning! Now you wana shop...TAKE ME HOME!!! UGH!
Concert+ AnneseKimberlys for the night+ little sleep= yoga pants+ mocks+ tank top.
No one's even working on our project.
oh my god, anyone just see the advert for 'be naughty.com'. Should be called findafuck.com.
Why am I always hungry at 3am?
Sundays are catch up days :)
Is she taking a dump over there? embarrassing kathleenfarah  rachelpike2990
I can't wait for the premiere of pretty little liars!
bellion3 is day 11 of 11 done yet ???? If yes congrats proud haha !! Xxxx
I hate figuring out what to get people for Christmas. UGH!
Gone are the Mocha days!
And what I want for Christmas is the most priceless thing,
TheWell3 stephenogrady89 are you's well!!
Made in Dagenham. No strong opinion. Not like me
gud morning!!!!!..last nite have vry sweet dream..
Wish Tweetdeck had a sentiment/topic feature that would allow me to block bad news, politics, & stressful stuff from my feed during panic.
man I aint got never get no ass !!
Girls that chew gum with their mouth open<
stop playing nsync/backstreet boys in the hallway. I mean, really.
Black Friday shopping with with Maddy tommorow:) Haven't seen her in forever. excited.
First Day!! Ahhh here goes nothing!!
I hope he likes my gift 0_o
It wreaks of cookie dough in my house but I don't know where its coming from
If loving you is wrong, I never want to be right again.
That's not your seat, move it over biiitch
I love it when God starts showing off!
Juliax1 katienesbo ohhhh did u get my xmas mankini that u said u wud??
Just saw my best friend from middle school
maybe some girls should keep their mouths shut instead of trying to start stuff with other people
oh gosh.. going to drive to tuusula for the first time alone and its supper slippery!!! aaaahhh
Ayah 3la my 9900 :'( </ 
Why do some people block me?! :O
Just cleaned my whole room ..still aint see it
I get to go home today!
You'd be surprised at how slutty some people are,
SdsDanielle I fucking love you baby :* next year, 2 years is long but I promise   lucky thankful :*
We want cuddle buddies lonely Sammy__sunshine
LLCOOL_DAVE Tequila2 mjmcfc83 CS1985 DaystarBandSte where the chuffin hell you been?
And so begins my month of being alone at my house.
This one really hitting home for me. You can't even just go out and enjoy yourself anymore...sad.
taymoran Hahahaha, don't be one of thoseee people!
Watching South Dakota football in North Dakota
absoluteagency hopefully get some of the images on twitter! Take some during the shoot!
I've been home alone all day.
Truth, Beauty, Freedom, and
So my sister will get here tomorrow(:
Awwww this guy just proposed to his gf.
ccrunner627 CRAP, we didnt have a vent session :(
Wow there's no way I'm going to sleep cuz my cousins snoring
Good morning people.. The lord has blessed us to see another one so if ur reading this message we are blessed... Be
ff Leon_Idle_Tool EmmaChulaTuvera Chin_Chilla92 dondonz81 spartacuz_noir LittleChinn Lorraine_C_B janetvc1 cos we're family
my sisters are wasted and I would really rather not go get them.
Never leaving home again!!
“EverythingLibra: It's easy to hate, it takes strength, wisdom and courage to love. LibraLove”
kimmraderie we won...yeah we won (excitement)......:-/
This 5 day break/vacation is much needed. Celebrate the little things in life. God bless you all tweetpeeps!
Playing the 'if I had a million pounds game'
ADurrenberg_56 ew it was awful tonight
Maybe if you came to class you wouldn't have so many dumb ass questions
Listening to acoustic simpleplan songs
She Noe He Gotta Gurlfrind So Whyy She Still Trynna Get With Him Smh
Daimilliardaire lait_gume owi viens mon poussin ! <3
Lol ok I would tweet bout it but I don't want to spoil it. :) jaebonai: bite_Mi_lips omg say no more I'm going to see it excited!!!
I just want to sleep! So why do I feel wide awake?
staralibra I DONT GET MAD OUT OF ALL PEOPLE NOT YOU! YOUR A GROWN ASS MAN CALLING HIMSELF BARBIE HAHAHHA
«DevonnGrillot About to shut off the tv disappointed pathetic»
Wallah I'm really blessed to have such a great man, friend, father & hero in my life
chelcmeranda I love you baby girl. Hope your day got better
pretty sure my boyfriend is asleep :(
I'm about to take supitsbj's tweets off mobile because he is overusing the word son.
No tweet can express how i feel right now.
CntHavJuz1_LAYS lol truuu.! I needed that tho
Well today's the day and thirty's the word. Make or break time for the final day field at the QSchoolFinals at PGA Catalunya Resort
Just think of where you'd be today if someone didn't take the time to care.
I swear ppl are so aggravating!!! irritated !!!!
I love my Mommy!!! mommiemakeup ....GOD is the reason...she aint just here for no season....Thankful Blessed LOVED :)))
polo outlet here I ammm 
lights kicked ass in ottawa tonight! The new songs sound sick!
Watching 90210 and then never say never can't miss that best movie ever by justinbieber
I wonder how to tell my mom I wanna move out
Watching Eclipse b4 I go see Breaking Dawn on Thurs - excited!!!
Reading, gym, studying, spotify and cocoa
My bra size is stressing me, my boobs grow yearly
IamCrissyJ oui tu es mon fils c'normal ! Pas besoin de porter un pull des village people pour soutenir leur musique!
Season 3 of TheBigBangTheory here we go.
Feel so tired, but can't sleep
I just wish you were holding me right not!
Maw just made me salmon sandwiches :D
CP3 to the clippers
Beyonce Live at Roseland blowin my speakers
Last year's AMA, was the first time for Justin to performed Pray. This year's AMA - he performed Mistletoe.
Wonderful night with my people. We could do this every night and it will never get old.
That moment when the person you want to spend time with ditches you for something stupid.
I don't usually eat sweets but this cheerwine cake......BRUH! um.
I can't do the Harlem Shake to save my life... Back in the day I thought I could I bet my classmates got a good laugh outta me
ma peoples court date tomar
Ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm I can't wait to go home to take this damn bra off!!
shadysadieee trust me we will. As soon as the springs is open
Im tweeting justinbieber like crazy and he doesnt see the tweets
Met nm schatjuu Danielle11xx film kijken
Packing for the beach.
I wish I could sleep, is really sick of my fucked up sleeping schedule.
My elbow is killing me and I don't know what I did to it!
:( you don't work tomorrow or Tuesday??“DonnieSunflower: PoloRalph_ I don't even get to see you bro! sadness”
emily_dicks Im not getting that pissed though. deffo not like last time
Jus got off the phone wit momdukes and my bro... Im can't I wait to see them...
homemadebeer my fermenter doesn't start gurgleing :( it's been already 3 hours since i threw the yeast :(
Having the most wonderful time at kudosvillas in Hepburn springs :) with cnwp
Rock Wit U-Micheal Jackson came thru the speakers in the truck I proceeded to rock the eff out & my grandpa didn't rock wit me ---> =(
Awww he sent me some food :)
“PatSalera: Is Betty white dead? imtearingup” PAT NO STOP
Is so ready to meet isaiah
These people are wack!
why cant people just keep their crap to themselfs. this is just going to give me a bigger headache. ugh. annoyed.
Starting to get really annoyed of people who take advantage of me not defending myself. Not letting anyone fuck with me anymore.
dont you hate it wen muthafuckas wanna just smack n yo damn ears
the avalanche is about to hit!
««« on 11alive news at 11 pm (NBC) My first interview.
Hate when people tell what to do
you have the luxury of not knowing what i know
Ma gawd, some people are annoying. -.-
Deep gratitude for all veterans. Shout out to my dad, older and younger brothers: 2 served, 1 still serving.
lovebug111311  Yay! (: and the dresses are on sale! I will tell you the details in the morning (:
Ugh it's impossible to take a nap sharing a room with 3 sister!
All my family are going to the cafe and leaving me at home am I really that much of an embarrassment
thingsimthankfulfor my family and having a great brother that I can call my Bestfriend love !
My anut coming home from the Army today :))
It was you from the start. The moment I saw you, it was you.
Life is goooood at the moment happy!!!!
And what I learned from Perth tonight: two masochists madly in love with each other would be the ultimate tragic love-story.
terminalose ok je préfère ça
Does my mom have to get madd at everything smhh
When he starts calling u his woman and not his girlfriend u must know he is in it for good!!!
CarlyMurr awe!!! I'm soooooooo excited :)
Walking out of my stadium with my head down
Seriously, boot camp screwed over my social life. I don't even know how to communicate with people anymore....sad.
I Like Cookies So Randomly' LOVE :D •7
Im gonna play beerpong against myself tonight. Hopefully I win!!
400 - The average office or school desk has 400x more bacteria than a toilet seat
Next mafia message from anyone=block..
RyanCostanza I turned you into a beast
This game is actually really goood
who wants to go to cafe gratitude?!??!
MariehAnne that'd be great! Goodnight precious sister. Can't wait for Sunday!(:
sitting at home watching the lovely bones...pretty scary and sad movie /:
Watching Twilight! Make me more & more excited for Breaking Dawn! 
Watching a 9/11 documentary... So
All I wanted you to do was be there
Dear random girl in my study session. Stop asking stupid questions and actually think before you talk so we can study. K, thanks. annoyed.
Do you are know Kenny, wunderful person as you shud be hav minimum 100k follows,thanx you be our good friend LOVE 1998kd LaLaRueFrench75
Share kami sa ice cream ng aso ko hihi
MsBizzy480 This guy was straight up yelling at Roberta and me today. >.<
First time ever shopping on black friday
Generation Y would rather work in pharma than in fashion!
On train this morning from Hamstreet, distinct lack of poppies on older people
We aint got nothing without
Both AudraEqualityMc & SaraBareilles are in Nash (Audra's at my school)! And I'm missing out to be at my last Variations rehearsal.
never buying lime jelly again
WheresCassAt ahahahaha whatever, it ain't no big thing :)
6y/o told me that 1st graders lend him marbles to play 6th graders & he takes a cut of the earnings. We discussed leveraged iBanks.
“LuckyyGuy Single doesn't always mean lonely, the same way relationship doesn't always mean happy...”
STAY TUNNED JLo on AMAS It's So EXCITING  ....
Just found out all my Wednesday night shows are all repeats
And before you ask, anything I wear is, by definition, gay.
Morning ppl! So I realised today I've lost my DJ Headphones.
ImSwagKing I'd love to watch but i can't :(
Still can't get over how bloody useless marior are to throw away 4 goals in 15 mins
crazyauthorgirl I think you just my day no,- my year! :D I just came home to find you mentioned me a tweet! :D Thanks for the help!
Gonna go look at my first car??? I think so!!!
suspensionnn I am now!!
laurafinnerty Omg, they do garlic cheese chips? :O I never knew that!
Another great night with chris22porter ! So excited to spend all next weekend with him!  No work! Yay!
Those last few minutes before ur phone is about to die.
How annoying certificates havent come throughbthe post!! Job search is now delayed till fuckin monday!!
dz12 Definitely not as exciting as I was expecting.
came to the conclusion the only man i need is MacMiller he never disapoints me.
Adele pandora radio + long showers
I think im having hot flashes at an early age
Studying and cook her mman some breakfast. Love.
example my ticket arrived yesterday!!
cherylstev I know.. Pacing the kitchen...
Just found me some really cute doc marts !!! :)
Yes_Its_Lay I CHANGED MY MIND IMMA GET ONE ON MY SHOULDER.... AND IMMA LAY AND TAKE PICS!! HA HA
p_s133zY you're right! Gosh, and I'm in college.
0-11 man indi yall need some help ; yall
When your EX see you smiling, being happy with someone new...that's when they want u back...it be like that sometimes
Here comes my 3 o'clock headache. Every dang day.
do me a favor and go choke
Justin has worked or performed with most of his inspirations- Usher, Stevie Wonder, Boyz II Men, Chris Brown. proud.
Just bought my BEAUTIFUL Canon EOS 1100D!
carls_lamberto I done got pulled over on foot..
That depressed feeling you get when you feel so alone and like you have been completely forgotten, but you only have yourself to blame
So SOOOO, these Cowgirls fans wanna show up!!!
leahcarrollxx hahaha its a load of sh*t. Come and save me I'm
LizPurtell its ok, I cried myself to sleep
SuperBaddA90. Thanks for the followback.   peace and love !!!!!!!
I can't watch the Cake Boss before I go to bed.  It gives me anxiety...
you're a hypocrite yourself.
BTW , S\O 2 TheOfficial_Jay , Nigga ßε supporting frm the start .... Respect bro ....
That one time when all you want to do is sleep and there's a ton of people outside screaming
Happy 1st birthday to my godson he is the only man that has my heart and get what he wants
Parents experiencing their children die
MadDogUnleashed They better strip Braun of the MVP if this is true.
Some ppl respond to your tweets for attention
And to top it off I'm missing Harry Potter weekend because my roommate thinks Family Guy is better.
El Ranch for lunch with mommy!! :)
I really want a biscuit, why am I not having carbs?
Go home dudes...love the business but I am tired and u are wasted!
why do niggas expose females ? if you get PUSSY you get pussy nobody gives a fuck ! smh , thats real SAD !!!!!!!!
It's unfortunate that  we're forced to live in a society where so much is based on the accumulation of papers.
Going swimming always makes me ill, probably because I'm allergic to chlorine and didn't take my tablet!
Sunday even class; n someone just raised a hand to talk about the most obvious thing on earth
I'm gonna start reading this daily bible study sheet.
If everything was going great I wouldn't wanna go
Tropical smoothie opening right by my house?!?!??!
katyperry  all the words that I will be little for what you describe you are. I love you very much. Answer me please?
Still in quad cookin up sum hott shyyitt!
about to watch the rest of the little mermaid
Thank GOD for another day
Lawwwdd... Is every1 a thug now???
All nighter? I think yes.
Wake up to an empty house
All around good day!!!!!
Thiss bummy ass papi sanchez is garbage! I feel sadd for jets fans knowing that they might never win the superbowl -__-
finishing up my speech for tomorrow...hope it goes well
brittneymoses is texting her mom, dad, and brother all at the same time
. finna be a lonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnq ( no cuddlinq ] winter :((
You don't know my story, sweetie
Its friday &all my plans are hanging out with the team before practice, practice then laundry .__. exciting ! Lol
Use to fight against it now I fight for it
I love driving to work when school's not in session.
Its hard wantn the best for ppl wen they dnt want it for themselves
Ruffin needs to come on I need something to laugh at
The worst feeling when you piss your gfs dad off.
Core_Synergy oh haha my bad
How do you fix your tv so the commercials don't come and blast you out?? Thought they auto corrected that in 2011
Just saw Youthville on KAKEnews re: thanksgiving meals for families that are re-integrating before the holiday! Yay!
So I live in a flat for two. But housemates boyf seems to live here 6 days a week too. Surely he should pay toward bills?
One day I might realize why it didn't work out with anyone else till that day Ill be waiting :'(
Mf's robbing Family Dollar
Why does my dog decide to run away when it is cold as fuck outside
Law and order, percs&vikes on a rainy day....
Wonder how many times Gervinho team mates have rung his neck in changing room, either at ht or ft?
thought the phone just now was my neuro calling me back. Nope. It was my dad.
Yayy got a job
words cannot express this weekend
someone be my friend, i feel so unpopular right now
Had to drive to Westville VC, get here and the paper is delayed!
You know why i smile all the time? Because its worth it.
this girl NEVER stops talking!!!! annoying!!!
This white trashed girl at the gas station looks drunk & is dancing around ;D
Just got out the shower and gonna put my dressing gown and slippers on bliss xx
Wearing PJ top from winter clothes bin. It smells like our condo in SD, so B & I sniffed it for a while. Not weird just
Im a little upset that I look this bad out in public
It's not a Johnny cash original!!! It's a NIN Trent Razor song!! Get it right tweeps!
'Hi your through to dan...sorry I can't take your call, if its a diageo related query I have left the business please call'...
_youPHILme replaced me with my brother....</3 hurt. ):
I hate people that suck at texting.
Sean Avery.... My mannnnnn! Deserves to be in the NHL
Out of work went to go see him <3 now finally home
RandallKThomas we r goin shopping for the angels on Sunday!!!
mmordecai oOohh wish her HAPPY BIRTHDAY from Santa, Mrs Claus, Rudolph, the reindeer & the elves xxx
Hoes gonna front bitches gonna hate, but girl you just gotta show me
Sick of People being so self absorbed that you can't even do something 4 them without them messing it up tryng 2 get their way
Nate_Charest59 came to see you before I left yesterday and you weren't there
Just had a cough attack in class
Da LIONS jus fucked up my night !! Neva seen a team dat takes thereselves out da game like my LIONS do SmH !! I'm goin 2 sleep !!
Tired of hearing about this Penn State stuff.
i was having a good night, until you had to go and do that.
BJereb247 YES YOU ROCK!!!! GET DOWNNNN
This girl laugh on ridiculousness<<<<
Getting an offer for a job that would begin before you graduate.
Everything seems to be looking up for Another_Option and they deserve it
“QuotingSwag: Dear Microsoft word I'm pretty sure I spelled my name right” My last name is Boxman. Not box man.
McD's holiday pies. In my mouth.
Go away Amelia!!! Grrrrrr not fair Craig has worked his butt off for weeks and she just walks right back in and boots him off!
T'was supper met die lieve Xx_R0MY  
Moves like Jagger needs to stop playing on the radio!
Alexx_Ballard lonely night in tomorrow is it?
Get Out Early Tomar & No School Friday For Me Too ....
Sometimes I wishh I didntt havee a college niggah! Wish we was in the same gradee andd same school:( Sad:(
I am going to switch the net off, lock myself in the room with the fcking laptop and just do this IP the whole night.
My niece just shoved a piece of paper up her nose.. I had to tell her it was a booger so she would blow it out.
SwikeMeeney doesn't matter, still an alumni, gotta cheer for him
this is def a start of something new, and I love it!
when people just don't get it!
Thanking God for giving me the strength to conquer, skills to lead & equipping me to win.
PossumAJenkins hmmmm maybe u don't really love us
Just had to remember the way Daniel imitated Ryan :) Soooooo damn
Reality is reality. Some things you can't change. disappointment.
Could u stay forever please ?
gleeks More than that ! We R all ready for a Gleek X-Mas I guess ! I am :))
Some people are so inconsiderate...
Wish I was back in Texas.
j_gidney yea but I'm trying to restore these contacts
Surfing the net at ultra super speed!!
Am I just cute today? Because everywhere I do niggas are staring!
Wheat bags = super warm & cozy
Laying in bed without Jaycirulez
Crossing my fingers that I get home in time for my shift.
I hate payin' bills! Annoyed.
Lil Ced in jail I got a feelin my daddy not gone get him out he gone make him sit in there & learn his lesson  sad  smh
GypsyPurl ah thanks for the s/o! Hope to be jamming with you soon
«Jameelah_A Ctfu somebody stole my bro pictures nd made a fake fb page acting like him» sad lol
Can remember TomTheWanted came on stage at RadioCityLive only had released atl! Now there comin back with soo much great music excited :)
I hate remembering weird stuff I did from the night before and being really
alilawley sucks already having 3 big ones and wondering where else I should get one!
Woke up feeling some kinda of way! Such a gr8 feeling
derekwebb playing 'Thankful' .. because I am
jhgfdhjkgz...R Kelly has written 32 more chapters to 'Trapped In The Closet'!!!!!!.hghfjghgfhhgjz
Dam my point is not getting across
Working till 5p but this week is already filled with Katy Perry on Wednesday and a fashion show ft daisyviktoria Friday!
I definitely just fell on my face walking into target.. It was all calliebaggett77's fault.
just presented to our Sales team about our new social media strategy and fab blogger friends - they were
Mornin! I'm blessed that God has woke me up in my right mind, with my health, & my strength... another day to get myself together.
Yay for 350 tweets! Haha
I hate when your trying to sleep and you can hear your neighbor mowing the lawn
Woke up in a good mood!
nowplaying MariahCarey  Christmas Album ...
mr_leadership Thank YOU my dear Friend.. I sure love all your Wisdom everyday Pastor...
Most beautiful sentence: But I love you!...// Most painful sentence: I love you, but...
Why are you still trying to talk to me?
Soo water for elephants was a really good movie
OMG OMG  just found out ddlovato is going to be in indianapolis
GOINGTHROUGHTHEMOTIONS is the only thing we do with whoever & whatever we do n our lives when we don't use use our HEARTS! LOVE &
somebitchallie do something that makes your ass happy
kelsdanks yes, please!! My Kelsh for a month?? whatwhat?
If a task on your to-do list remains undone for a long time, it's probably worth doing.
Passed my theory test
Going home to surprise my momma :)
Saw fggtchar for the first time in over a month and Breaking Dawn was amazing.
Honestly one thing I won't miss about London is it being pitch black by 4PM
i must say mama did her thang this christmas
I can't sleepp..
Wait A Seconds !! I Will Be Back !!  After Call My Girl Friend !!
hoy a descanzar de la vida, lo mas emocionante de mi dia sera ayudar a mi abuela jjajajajja sad :(
xoxocarraellen Yayay!! I was worried about the unadopted little angels!!
My sister is 26 and she is 4.5lbs heavier than me.
I'm tired of all this Christmas music, I don't see any snow on the ground
Why did Super 8 stop trending...?
The next customer that gets smart is talked bad too
Omg, PLZ save your heart and leave me alone...I kept telling u, u gonna get hurt bc I dnt love u....
Oh. And look, there are 27 photos on prexlegayada's album. happiness :)
i love black friday commercials they always make my day
i just want to be
I make it a point to make sure every new girl is better than the last cuz I know they look'n lol...
The end of the day cannot get here any slower .
And it seems like my life just keeps getting better happy :)
Just ran outta breathe walking from it support to maple east
  mañana tendre a PIPE BUENO -INFINITO en mis manooooooos
Good morning! Looking forward to having today all to myself, no classes, no appointments, no nothing.
catching up with an old friend
I love ow eveyone is getting a twitter now and I've had one for 2 and a half years..... NOT
stephenv3 proud of you guys
3 1/2 hours til im 18!!! :)
justinbieber it NEVERGONNAHAPPEN that you see my tweet and read this.It makes me so sad !Feel depressed.:( <3
JalenParker_ nigga imma take mr Cory face nd make it look at at u!
Sunny sunny sunnyy in leeds today :) happy: Sunny sunny sunnyy in leeds today :)
Happy how he asks how I am with him :)
Me & ImMe_Only1Me in my last tweet tho.
_LoveCamille damn y u so
Just got the email that my hours have been approved to work in the Ladd Center!
paulynott12 kararenee14 why do I suck at volleyball...
Ugly girls that try to get my attention
I'm tired and missssssin somebodyyy
12 Elephants now grrrrr
F A M I L Y = Father And Mother I Love You.
j'aime recevoir des SMS de crasherlemur happy!
1 more hour then break !.... oh shoot I forgot I had practice
Techno, club remixes of christmas music....
Getting ready 2 hang out with alessandraghb ..... Then off 2 get my new practice suit
On my way home! love. 40minutenrooster!
Just remembered why I never eat Burger King anymore. The fries suck.
Watching Charlie Browns Thanksgiving with the boys before their bed
Sam just arrived to class and he's not even
Oh. My. God. Did that really just happen?
Markey1234 nooooo I hate it!  
My math professor never takes attendence when i actually go to his class
2 More Mf Days 'Til My Birthday
L is for the way you look at me  
My stomach waits to growl until the class is completely silent.
I don't know about anyone else but I know what my grades are. I'd appreciate if OSU would stop with the emails.
Hey NABweb, thanks for not even telling me the address to send in my application.
saw a huge ad of JacMonikaJac's Dior Eyewear.
Ive had such as great weekend with both of my families and my beautiful fANN0N , and i still have more to go!
tired long day ahead
There should be a limit on how many times a dog can bark a day shutup annoying !!
My girl dont know what she got, one day she'll understand
how the fuck am i hungry right now
I'm so happy right now :) Going to state next weekend,got me girl, and life's going great!!
..Apologizing to people for accidental pocket dialing.
Its so iritating to thnk of new dp's fr ur profiles all the tym
Abed-style rewatch marathon of Cougar Town. proud! danharmon VDOOZER
I'm on a good road right now. I have good grades, a beautiful girlfriend, a healthy family, and great friends.
i forgot ALL my fckn make up!
Morning Miss.paris enjoy Bali these days? ParisHilton: All animals are living, breathing souls with hearts & feelings just like us.
YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!! no church today!!!!! :)
Niggas trying to use me till I ain't got shit left
Manchester metro link extension. Your ruining my journey into work! Get your traffic lights sorted!!
If they ever started talkin , I would be . . .  hurt </3
Chocolate/doughnuts everywhere in the office today
why is registering for the doctors longgggg
10:10pm. At home in like 20min. Cant wait. It was really fun today. Didnt eat with them at all (they ate 3times today aghh).
y_putri haahh MAMA is tonight?!! Really?! What time!!!
Lil girls getting pregnant, and was tryn to...
Watching a japanese movie
150 Christmas cards but can't find a single Happy Holidays card.
thankful for everyone who showed support or helped me this year, past years and years to come.
no, mum. totally okay to mock gays in front of your gay daughter. and don't act like you don't know, because you've told me you do.
You haven't taught me anything, Ms. Jones. I suck at Words With Friends.
5 more days till CHRISTMAS!
why am I losing followers?
Today is the day! <3
Noticed I had my yoga pants inside out about halfway thru class.
I turned on the TV at home and punched in channel 9
My Sis Grab That TM:103 For Me .
Gosh I'm in such a great mood!
Well we gave up!! You're welcome LSU....we gave the game to you!
kerrymeuldyk haha I know what your saaaaaying!! Some people will do anything to get noticed.......lol
14 MORE DAYS TILL EL3CTRICBUTTERFLI3S WHERE WE'LL B CELEBRATING mrbigjeff B-DAY BASH <~ notice that was all in capitals...lol im
....turns out the rat was crawling at her feet.
Il est de retouuuuuuuuuuuuur !!! Happy !
I will forever be anIndian. Win or lose, I love my boys!
My family has true talent! proud :)
Free burger king fry day tomorrow! And they're trans fat free now!!!! <3
Going Christmas shopping today for my lovely boyfriend  :)
I need my toes painted....my old foot rubber and toe nail painter has vanished
The smallest things are pissing me off right now...
...Got this gut feeling that you coming back to me real soon . My gut feeling is almost never wrong ...
Boys shouldn't have to worry about their weight
katyperry 's The One That Got Away <3
I had a fantastic birthday.
RemziiArasan same old same old. :( shit and boring nothing been good just want happiness man so hard to get.
Really pissed I'm not gonna be in the Bay until AFTER Christmas :(
my mom's letting me play Christmas music
AT SCHOOL IN HE LIBRARY ACTUALLY GETTING WORK DONE
Finished with school for the week!!
Highlight of my day- Finding out that my brother is in the D.A.R.E play. Proud YeahThatsMyBrother :)
Things are going perfectly...just got off the phn with Tiffin University...I'm going back to school excited!!!
jordanwright39 I've been up practicing, I'm good I've had 3 cups of coffee and went jogging on the treadmill At the hotel !! Haha
sitting at this car fix place. nothing has happened and it's been an hour ;_;
Big day tomorrow. Bed time. Player ability test tomorrow.
Or left JayRaish.... or left...
start of a new week. Whats in store for this week!?
JeffLacey has apparently given up funny saying because I tweet too much.
that fact that i just looked at my phone and didnt answer
Fastest_Sloth lol, I take back my retweet since you made a mistake with your greater than and less than signs..
Hope my lipsy dress arrived this morning and will be there when I get home
Veterans: I'm proud to be related to you, know you, and hopefully in the future, do work that helps you directly.
no one on my TL.
Ready for this test...I'm high...I studied high...Ima take the test high...ima get high scores..
igetupsetwhen people touch my phone without my permission.Its so
Woman, do not call me in the middle of nap time!
I never thought I'd say this, but I wish I could fast-forward to 7:30 tomorrow morning. Just so I could see the cast list already.
KaitlynMorson omg furbies! I put mine in the closet cuz it would never shut up...
SaintsRow the plane flying is crap. How do u expect anyone to do Convoy decoy. Wen it doesn't fly 2 the last plane quick enough
watching The Help.  why? Because I want to and I have the time
really excited to eat tomorrow hurryupthanksgiving im also really excited to be with my family
Thank You Jesus For Letting Me Be Surrounded By My Wonderful Family Another Year :)
100factsaboutme when my nails need to be done, and I can't get to Perth Amboy .. I get
Women who play the cello are hot.
Bonding with my mom today :)
Back to work. & its raining....it could be worst
WE just got in class nd she already trynna fuss ppl out
Lovely day doing absolutely nothing except watching brit tv shows and indoor gardening.
Another day, another opportunity! Give God the Glory!
I was supposed to be there too bt Gods always  watching :)
Mannn.... I know you toooo well to even be blown.... Plus I read your diary, so im a little more hipp then you think. Lol.
Doesn't like it when i get 200 texts from a number I don't even know!
Quiet night in tonight I think and get the final bits ready for Christmas Excited xx
Only if chelsea players know wat loosing a game does to my weekend they will sit up.
That's what happens when u focus on the problem..u forget that He's there. Today's bn a crappy day but I'm still walking in faith.
Tied 8 ballooons last night and even played with some. Talk about facing my number one
Nevermind, forget shopping... All I want to do is be home. This break is going by too fast.
codysimpson any chance that MN will get on that list??
Your sex is on fire
When the argument gets so heated you don't even know what the fuck you're saying <<<
Manchester United - Wolverhampton  4:1
El ran with some ladies todayyy!
Watching the joy of teen sex
I hate it when cops follow you all around town
mintaburst haha, joking, of course you can
Dress split all up the side
I got unfollowed because I post too much Yankees stuff
Without my Beats now for a while.... This is gona be hardddddd man
This time tomorrow ill be on my laptop wevpick it up tomorrow
I can't explain why, but I have a feeling something awesome is going to happen soon.
1 hours & 5 minutes to go
Why did I even get out of my bed this morning??
Good day with Andrew
Got a lil swag well a cool demeanor going 2day
irishguy68 I'm very excited start working out with a bodybuilder he has an amazing body. He's going to help me tone up quicker.
Ando_tff hope I'm getting to see you when you are home
forgot to charge my ipod
Jphillips412 Honestly, they're the worst
Presentation time now. goodluck guys! all the best!
No hot guys ice skating...
I don't think anyone understands how much I hate freshman and little kids at school! I was never as hype and badass as they are!
Hate how I can't really use my phone in school anymore.
Treyology101 TreySongz dimple smile like kryptonite main reason I shouldn't b around him can't say no 2that smile but I can RUN fast
Yay! I just learned how to make a fishtail braid! :D
determination...is getting my through right now...less than a year left in NC
I wish I had everything in J-Crew and Antro.
JLo I love you my queen, but these sure what you're doing? Really want another relationship with a dancer? I do not want to hurt you.
Colombia plays today D: !!!!!
anna_louise19 ricky_mcd jay_roque I can't even wait, I'll be done with school and finals and be ready to fucking rage!
Its not even 9am and my brother is driving me insane! Today is going to be a long day
Well, looks like I'll be dropping about $1,000 on guns and ammo tomorrow.
Pissed! A lot of kissing scenes and the best part Edward-Bella love scene have been cut in the BreakingDawn Middle East shows!
Loving the family time and the food, so thankful for all my friends and family
I want to sleep
man my nephew so fuckin
Heartbreaking she has Been trying for a baby for 10years and only had a week to go god bless them all xxx
Haven't txted anyone all day
Okay, I tried to change my background...and miserably failed.
Thank you every one for all of the congratulations!!! I love you all! :)
Damn im watchin hardball and G-baby finna die
How did it go? excited mithz22
Songs that remind you of the best times
But once we hit the muddy ass field depression..
12.5 more hours~!
heyyygabby rememberwhen I was in love with daughtry a few years ago...
Every Name I Come Up With, Someone Already Has. Irritated.
really annoys me when people make status' saying how they hate sluts when they're the biggest slut going.
I can say that at the end I actually liked breaking dawn
Im watching QVC right now which is the shopping channel or something I guess? But they are talking Philosophy Beauty Products. happy :)
My brother wakes up every night in the middle of the night annoying!
U_JUSTgotNEFFed why couldnt they just get off the mf bus....
MattNordgren  so upset about that too! They went bankrupt and are going to be at khols next year! Don't know if they will be the same
Iona within 68-64 with the ball.
S/O to marjaayye : she retweets me like no other <3 cant wait to see you tomorrow!!
Mari_Hucu as I said! Flying.. totally natural! Assuming I've forgotten something vital for my survival at home.. nerve wracking!
Its fakn wak as fak here!! I dnt even know wy I even bothered to come. -_-
Someone text me & make plans :)
ojalá tuviera más días así
Having a twilight movie day so I'm completely ready for breaking dawn!
Every heart has a story to tell.
She just makes my day
twitter is slowly but surely working again
Just got the best birthday surprise everrr!! I love you abbey Barnum!!
Almost to my 700th follower. I appreciate all 699 of you fuckers.
My phone is not sending my texts!!!
Wooo york meet tomorrow!
Its really annoying when people try to brag about their relationship on twitter hahahhahahaahhaahah
I hate waking up before my alarm..
Pablo_E_Duarte getting with those two broke girls again???
It is never good news when my mother in law calls me early in the morning.
Hic-cups in class..
So i wonder if the Cleveland Browns will miss a feild goal to win a game again ..
Ain't nobody thinkin bout me
wrote another poem..glad ima be able to focus on my writing in the spring!
Too early for little kids to be in my house running around and making noise.
Page diner w/ cdadona, JaimeGentilexo, and shannongreigxo <3
Funny how everyone RTs my X Factor tweets, but when it comes to my normal ones.....I have nothing :L
First phone call to CitiMortgage ever. Once I got out of the phone tree and talked to a rep, I can say that went great.
Me: He'll think I'm a nerd.  Wife: Better a nerd than an ass.
when songs bring you back to a moment in your past
Just remembered mr johnson is baking us cookies for tomorrow
Justtfinnishheedd! Waiting for results
my little brother and my mom arguing about the storyline of cinderella..
can't describe how disappointed I am in this season of the Real World. 3 of the roommates are inexcusably terrible people.
key to life
I'm feeling extremely giddy all of a sudden
Can't wait to go home!
About 180 days till summer break.....
AHock87 lmao no bitch I feel lik I'm suffering from
Those few seconds when you wake up and the weight of the world hasn't hit you yet >>>
ReneeOduko saskimmo she is amazing, inspirational and beautiful - inside and out
Watching sex and the city movie. Dammit I knew I should of turned it off before Auld Lang Syne came on
This dude is pissing me off!
Why havent i been happy this past week?/:
Feeling pretty blessed.. I love the path I am on
me + my bowl = happy lol
justinbieber I love you so much and I support you and your family! Will always respect you and pray for selenagomez ! love 47
I HAVE AN ON GOING STREAM OF CURSE WORDS IN MY HEAD. IT DIED  FUUUUUUU START ALL OVER???!!!!
my mom just ordered my flight to Texas for Christmas!!! I will see you guys on the 18th <3
I have the best sister everrrrrr
My mom tells me not to go over on our internet, well she shouldn't have put a limit on it anyway annoying!
Lmao u K.I.M but they still chat,Why is this?
4 days until Christmas! :)
Even if the sun refused to shine..even if romance ran out of rhyme..you would still have my heart until the end of time.  
On my way to college late cuz I have to get my Drake tickets Excited *!!*
Being stopped in Deckers & getting invited to lunch next week with the other tridelta alumna in Newc!
MODSUN anything new on your agenda. Music videos? Songs? Just wondering because I'm sitting around doing nothing
I hate girls that are super close aff and all they do is talk about and make jokes of insiders of the samee shitt
Have nothing to do on New Years Eve
Two bottles of wine, The Help, take out... Daaaate niiiiight <3
my throat hurts so bad!
The empty disappears...I remember why I'm here. To surrender and believe, I fall down on my knees
Flight attendant txting instead of doing her job...
bhenn23 yeah well thats a
Our new website www.carbonrockband.co.uk should be live soon!
Ughh just saw a mom smoking around her kids
December is coming soon! Love.
bronwynbaradell welcome to twitter world!
Morning everyone :) one week til christmas!
The world hates me
Oh my God, just finished Camp  3 times. Im captivated. now to move on to
I have been blessed with the coolest youth paster ever.
Hungry but dont know what i want
My hubby Eggjame is awesome! He's adding Korean subtitles (thx 2 Englishzipizigi) to a video 4 Friendship. Lots of hours involved.
Wayne hills football is a fucking joke grow some balls and fight one on one
At a Venezuelan festivity
Its actually okay out
I saw some pretty dark days over the past year.  I am thankful for the light that family and friends shined to guide me through.
Wijuu este es mi primer tweet desde mi nuevo BB!
Just sold muh 1st mp3 player!!
Relaxing Sunday afternoon ahhhhh
Dude get caught in the train door and no one helps
not what i was hoping for.. but it's a start :)
Just sent Bailey her first private message:) EXCITED!
She needs to stop singing
I hate watching other people eat
On dis samsung tablet
My day is being butchered. No one tells me how to spend my time, I'll do that as I please.
thatakwardmomentwhen i fall in the cafeteria and my lunch goes everywhere
ndtv are you serious.. Supreme court states no reservation beyond 50 %.. at this rate definitely we will one day...
Lol since the LDG Started niggas been dickridin LilGodSODMG , I remember when you first came up O: swagg bro
10 Days! :D
Can't wait for today to be over.
Waitin on Oomf and DES 21 Questions...! Lol.
My momma  calls me either drunk or high 87% of the time.
Good friends are some of the true essentials in life.
i want it to be friday now
Ah what a lovely morning time for some breakfast :) and practice and end this lovely sunday in a good note
Gud morning Fam. This is yet another day to give thanks. Time for worship n giving God praise for His many blessings.  LIFE!
Can't wait for the weekend
rearranging my living room,getting ready for my christmas tree
OMG I JUST DIED! The picture that DiannaAgron just tweeted of her & DarrenCriss... I CAN'T EVEN DEAL.
WOW!!... i reached my 2ooth tweet!
If thts wht u call a real nigga! Lol!!!!!! sad.
It will be Christmas in a week.
I hate sum timed ppl
I gottah JOB Im So
Oh my.. This is going to be interesting
tonight was just awesome!! i love my boyzz <3
faiza2099 so you finally took her to the doctors!
Wine and politics and friends at 1am.
only class i have today is U101 and we're going to the challenge ropes course!... which if course i cant do cause of my ankle...
Last day in Mister Burns's class!
Get me out of here.  disappointed.
That moment when you realize all of your friends have iphones and you have a Ghetto Go Phone. sigh depressing Won'tchange
Rage I was supposed to work window and now they put me on lot abs lobby, fuck that I didnt wake up at 5am for this!
I love going to my texting screen & seeing my boys picture. It makes my day better everytime.
MaryanneNofiWGU Last football game sunday before the christmas gap.
Ima be out for the count when I sit down
This is way too early for me. But I have a big interview today so I hope its worth it.
I should probably be packing instead of tweeting and watching TV
ppls out partyin...nd my sis nd lil bruhs are sleep ! im da only one up ! lonely smh lol
How many shopping days left? Christmas will be here before we know it! Get some great FASHION for the ones you LOVE!
Yay for two hours of soccer
Grown men wearing buckets public skating
I am thankful for my friends, family, church, church family, youthgroup, God, and my salvation <3
This rise in cab fare is really annoying me to the very bit.
RachCamp haha that's sick!
So glad tomorrow is Tuesday! 5 day weekend, yessss <3
Thanksgiving break, please come sooner!!!
Making myself a breakfast burrito tomorrow(:
IN-DO-NE-SIA is TTWW now :D
4 days till christmas?? Im not ready it does not feel like christmas at all!
This guy next to me digging for some serious gold.
she's not ready yet...
Facial with my mom? I think yes
Walk into the caf out of the rain. Rub my head on a friends back to dry my hair. Turns out I didn't know this girl. fail embarrassed #
i love kateacuna so much she is my favorite person lover in the whole universe
willtalbot1 sarah_stace I hope you have fun. Think of us
back in boston and no one is here
Two more days of school until next year
So Goldie_5 parked his car in my spot.. But he never drives it anywhere
Wow! I feel soooooo honored! thankstyler happiness shakonahey_97
Not REALLY doin nun in this class. 1 more test today n a workout. then im officially done with class til after Thanksgiving.
I had something important that I had to do today but I cnt do it now cuz of him
Oh my goshhhhh!!!!! WHY aren't any of my tweets going through?? annoyed.
tennessee shat down their leg
That feeling knowing your free from your crummy old job and the new swanky one doesn't start till jan
Instead of killing myself, how about I kill you, aye ? Does that make me less pathetic in your eyes ?
Loves when my text is ignored..
Guess we werent good enough to hang out with alexnoll were we TheRealKTan
dvella12 I'm sorry I couldent save you from mrs.b's class!!
Lukeaustin91 you're in one of those moods I see
Breaking Dawn midnight showing later
The 90's shows are coming back
Getting my hair cut and coloured
I honest can't wait to see Twilight!
I cnt stand a guy who cnt take a joke and get mad at bs ugh!
Khales123 you know what u did! oh wait is that my phone gettin a text from youu??
MrCezza RachelDavies_ I realise you're watching Mary Poppins as light relief, but the guy who played Michael Banks died at 21
Lifetime sucks ass right about now
Fixing to leave for Atlanta w/ billiot11 gttn ready for Saints game 2mro!
Guys that get mad because you text other guys.. They're my friends too, don't expect me to give up everything..
They can say what they want at the EMAs but we're definitly the best fanbase. We'll alwayse support & protect him
Number 1 trending in Vancouver right now is vote.
Today is the BIG daaaaaayyy.
Going back to bed in 20 min
Turkey, craft beer and mograph!
Friends will keep you sane, Love could fill your heart, A lover can warm your bed, But lonely is the soul without a mate David Pratt
Good Morning, thank god for letting me see another day. Thankful.
MTV's PUNK'D WITH ASHTON KUTCHER WILL BE BACK!!!
Got my Subway!! Yay but no Starbucks
I can't concentrate on me hw
Looking at cars with my Dad!
For everyone waiting for the outcome... The audition was pushed back... Hella pissed but what can I do about it? Blessed to be alive
when your trying to sleep, and some radiator is making somee ugly sound annoying!
But on the plus side he was wicked in his school play
“Silk2Smoove: AYac_91 Just the Two of Us, the Dr. Evil version sorryforpartying”
biancaa_long loved seeing you today! And Kanakuk hasn't called yet :/ ringphonering!
A Wally world employee got arrested today; got that nigga for stealin $700+ worth of shii.
It's just hit that I'm going to be 24 next year.
Math homework on Friday night? :(
AaYoO_BaMi but u can still Text me, or r u tryna get rid of me
Hehehe giant bubble wrap
MrMatthewTodd It's work time! Happy Friday
Seriously ABC? Time to break out Big Carl... :(
I can really see our business opening up now that I've seen all the details
_CallMeHK_ ahhhh!! Well we'll just have to wait and see.... im kinda scared though :/
ihatekiki_b lmao! hell na. jeh
can't wait to see breaking dawn! Twilight excited :D
Ima dedicate dat junt to god for bring me through my struggle
ferguswatson1 You buzzin' for this metro ride?
NBAlockout is just about over!
About to see the Wayans bros
godwingrech I had a bug land on my screen that wouldn't go away...made me think of you annoying changeyourpic haha
What americans do for thanksgiving and gather with their families , we do every friday
Why am I always sick?
Not receiving texts..lovely.
LexiFleek IMMA BE THERE TO CHEER YOU ON
taylorrrrr_gang your suppose to give me wings and still haven't!!!
ShezzaReid shezzzzaaaaa,holllaaaa :P love xxx
Nobody knows who/what they want/want to be...
I hate when people copy the stuff I always say or do.
can officially play Hand In My Pocket on guitar:)))
Lexxo09 When I'm I Fuckn Seeing Yu !
Ugh Dude has me blushing... embarrassing lol.
Im blessed that im still alive after all the crazy shit ive done
CodySimpson Did caps get ur attention? CODY,PLEASE  FOLLOW ME! TOLONGLAH FOLLOW!!! DEPRESSED! 4
Busy girl this week! Lots of hard work and alot of hard play on Friday!
So ready for Hollys garden of love!
RepuTrack so_char did you two get the email too.re: Google Wave sunsetting in 2012
Everyonee Lovees My Cupcakees :)
Dx2Reynolds aye I shuda gave er that dang chicken
91 is packed -.- great!!
OMG Russell_Kane is on my TV! CelebJuice Happy.
im gonna throw up! anxious!!!
Dont act like its something we've always done when you specifically said, it was only going to be an ocasional thing.
Holy shit call of duty is officially my favorite game
Going to BellaSorella251 this afternoon. Tomorrow excited all TOWIE going to OVAL cricket ground to sing christmas single.
DANGIT. I just realized I missed my 1,000th tweet. :(((
Woke up sooo sleepy but Thank God that I woke up at all ! Thankful.
I sometimes feel like my moms mother
BballOrrSoccer: im soooo close to you ;)
ughhhh I hate being sick and getting family pics. i just wanna be in bed watching the game
ALliENiC0lEEE I couldn't agree more! Girls with big muscles make me sick to my stomach.
Game numba 3 tomorrow!
FINALLY done with the shitty e-commerce assignment!! :D
it bugs me when the only time people text me is when they want something... >:/
Today feels like friday, but its only wednesday.
I really want to talk to my Jesse_Gene  right now!!
Just witnessed a ford mustang fly off a mini cliff.
Getting my hair done, going back all brown..
The 'for you' on my iPlayer is all quiz shows.
Wish i was home
Why can a text like that spoil my morning? Okay, I need to get this over with. Someone wanna hear me rant or lend a ear?
seen almost every lifetime movie
catfightRAWR   Look who I found on twitter wwrylondon excited!
Made GREAT cinnamon buns for the family :)
Onions are the worst things in the world. disgusting.
what an awesome day with my friends!
I fall asleep then somebody's number I don't keeps waking me up. More then 3 times!
last night in London! stoked for princecharles_ 21st tn!
She had on the jumper set that are shorts with some sandals and a bow in her head sheessh im in
Gonna be a good day and night of college basketball!!
Done my first college semester
_MiKE_dEE ryan_chase27 I hate you both ..
I've got the power to say no to a guy
Getting up when its still dark
Today is the day to be thankful for fuck's sake.
I wonder wat my moms gone say wen she see I ain't got not more side burns or neck hair lol
Last day at work with my favorite coworkers. Spending all day at work. Depressing.
Christmas shopping downtown after a snowfall and a pretty solid 24 hours.
Wow going on 16 hours studying for my chem final...better get 100 percent
All I want for Christmas is youuu!
Roommate told me I was talking in my sleep last night. Multiple times
datguy_FGDT you should've seen your face!
Eight days more before I fly to LA
Birthday is on Sunday(: 3 more days! excited !!!!
Lady, shut the hell up so we can go home!
Didnt know buying snowboarding stuff could be so difficult... -___- annoying AF
Pretty sure SavannahStagg1 just made my night....
How u make payless the 1st place u go wen u shoppin on blk friday
even with my job my great grandparents and mommy still give me money.........
cant wait till tomorrow night. nervous.
I get to meet my father in a few hours o_0
Getting stemmed on my back is not the best feeling :(
I can't sleep. I wish I had someone to cuddle with.
Doing a little online shopping. More like window shopping because I don't have the money to get any of it -_-
So irenerancharan BeeGamboa22 &' Many Others Saw Me Fall Today /x
Tip ex just exploded all over my jotter and hand
so glad i decided to put it on shuffle..its playing all the right songs
This crap I'm reading about is scaring tha hell outta me.
Finish college friday instead of on the 22nd
Hes an idiot! Juniata college is in soo much trouble for letting him coach, even though he failed his background check for child abuse!
Just got called a girl by somebody i dont even know
Realllllyyy shit like this always happens to me
Pay it forward line in the Starbucks drive thru
looking for  a new phone:(
Mi nd mi hubby nocternal .... Lol
melodylabee How you doing melodylabee in this wonderful day?happy Sfarzolipi
how does a workmate just walk into my office and plonk an ice-cold one on my desk?
I really want to go back home for Christmas HomeSick :/
Its really annoying when no one and nothing is awake/open when I am awake
WORLD im getting my wisdom teeth removed, wish me luck
Gryttis ej ga den den nødvendige boosten,
Need to go to sleep. Have 2 job interviews tomorrow. Wish me luck tweeps!
well hopefully me and her start talk :)
Mitches_ yes! Jamming with Jim as we speak.
Official: Andre Santos will have surgery to repair ankle ligament damage and is expected to be out for around three months.
So, Amazon won't ship Kindle Fire to APO :(  Which means I have to spring another $15 for intermediary shipping.
Gonna try & see if a different plug fits it or if the box is junk & should be returned.
Les DD! Les DD! Les DD! RMC ONAIR happy fredhermel PhilippeAuclair
Just giving away the 3 kittens I've raised for 6 weeks
eagles fucked up this season...
Glad I made it home safely.
Anyone want an 8 year old little sister? You can have mine.
my Fav rihanna album comes out 11-21-11 excited !
Need to get out of here....
A week till christmas!
That moment you realize your best just isnt good enough
i would like to play // but my wife wont stop playing // Skyrim forever //
My messages don't send half the time, and none of my calls ever come through.
Missing him and it's only been.a couple days.
Im such a good boyfriend, letting my girlfriend have to bigger tv to play Little Big Planet while I watch the game on my phone.
doing the Otso-Otso in front of everyone
Wooo! Indoor Skydiving + Supercar Driving Thrill. What great presents thank you everyone :)
I had a dream that it was summer. Then I woke up and it wasn't summer.
Mark & Dougie! LOVE <3<3<3
for once i would like a guy to just take charge and come up with something for us to do without asking me
Ramp should just stop
T_T oh god... its not mine but its seems I have found remains of someone's cat on my lawn
Stood in the queue for Breaking Dawn tickets for tomorrow night! Heidls smtimmy hope you appreciate the effort!
Home alone ALL night!!  
25.  Yo momma so ugly that when she cries the tears run down the back of her head because they're afraid of her face!!
Girls r so crazy.. They'll be ur best friend until something better comes along..like ur ex/current bf. So glad Im not one of those.
I hate when I think we are hanging out and then I find out you made plans and didn't tell me.. :( yay Friday night..
Let love and faithfulness never leave you; bind them around your neck, write them on the tablet of your heart.
I made my two appts for my sleeve
Ahh! cold breeze, I love this time of the year. Black coffee and this weather.
Is ANYTHING gonna go my way today? frustrated.
I hatee when people change my plans.
CourtnieSwanson looks like you won't give me your number...
Seeing Breaking Dawn tonight with wobbb yesss
justcallmedomxo that was my first job.. It took me a year to stop saying 'my pleasure'
justinbieber OMB! Three more days and me perfume SOMDAY comes to me !!! Excited 4
My dad is such a fucking flirt
TheDEFAULT_Ira always down for the cause. Been holding my back for a longggggggggggggg time..
Hate having to go to the b-room right after I leave somewhere.
Hate when boys say hehe fuck off you poof.
.inever sleep in my bed wen im home unless ihave company...smh
im bout to say something tho!
Omg patrick from spongebob urks the hell outta me
Need a nap!
I need not followers...
Boys don't make life any easier
Canes, then breaking dawn premier with Lyss4554, mck_lew, SawyerC10, and twitterless Kara. excited! (:
Just purchased some fab brown boots but due to my bird legs i'm going to have to return them.
WhenImHigh wait, never smoked a day in my life :)
S/o to the girls that text bibles chapters while there nigga replys back with K
Why do ppl force their self on other ppl
Wow, beautiful crisp day in
making Destynnee write a 10 to 15 page paper about my cock. im pretty sure a public oral presentation will be in order.
finishing up on this damn letter ! lol , i dont even know what im talking about . its okay though ! excited .. (:
Big 5 riding wit the slimes they call me 5 on top because i got it all the time
Time to celebrate!:) wooo
i told her how i felt about her she told me the same
i morgen begynner jeg 10!
hughhefner this is my last tweet to u. Ur not a movie critic
Taking my asvab today
this is great hurt my knee again right be for christmas.. i might cry!
we aint had chicked in 4 days, idk how to act ! happy ! lol
i just found one of my favorite type of shirt that says meow on it
viccles1 all she has come in saying is I got this for such person this for such a person and everything is a Bargain!!!
<3 Harry Potter, such a moving final film
this boy needs to make up his damn mind.
llcoolj It's good to listen to your songs & see you on tv. Love your music & NCIS:LA. :) Btw, can you follow me?
people who tweet every 2 seconds
hahaha thats funny to me!! now you can see yourself!!
It feels like it's like, 8 PM. But its really 10.
Christmas is so sooon <3
got everything in the world to do 2day ,but im not gon be able to.. SAD.
Got my honey dip for the night
Massive fan of the cold side of the bed tonight, can't stop rolling around! Look like a div but it feels wonderful :)
I swear I didn't know today was wednesday payday is tomorrow whoop whoop
those moments where you don't know what to do.
mattlawrence94 .............. that's my favorite movie Matt....... hurt (;
My mum always listens to my Katy CD in the car and sings her songs
Man...that dream I had last night...has me ALL kinds of messed up :-( Thought it was real
kerrylouisexxx A day?! Some days I don't bother. You got me thinking now. Does that mean there's something seriously wrong with me?
“Zoe_Ogline18: Hey dumass, your is possession you're is you are. Stop mixing them up you sound stupid annoying” lol
Got loved on by Jesus at work today. God is always faithful and good.
Got a new phone today, and it wasn't an iphone :( sad myheartwasset </3
Just cause yu aint happy dat dnt mean i aint gone be happy
Heyyy maybe we can stay maybe we can lay like this forever<3
Tht awkward moment when you make a joke in class and nobody laughs
Its december 1st let's make the best of the end of this year.
How can your voice be that annoying? Do you not notice our cringing faces when you open your mouth?
Sometimes it's great other times it's tragic
steviehop georginah1988 just didn't think Steve would do this
Bout to really get mad...
Just throwing it out there but I think everyone thought the browns were going to blow it like usual
well i think you've made it obvious who your choice is...have fun with her instead
Got a lot done today!
The midget baby dissed me for my mom 2day....I should do over time :( huh.......NAAAAAAAAA I'm not tht Lonely LOL
:: ohay so i need erybody 2 pray  me !!!!! i needa pass bio w/ a C !!! Nervous ::
awwh boys are so cute
jesscellinesixo she does NOT like me.....
Watching Noel, eating my first attempt at steak Diane and enjoying a glass of red wine.
Niggaz kill me saying they only fuck with bad bitches.....u must really be blind
Hi, I'm back from work, going to classes in half an hour.
hope he get the job just so I can push him down the stairs of a dark theater (about as mean as I can get SAD)
i want to be homeee
Gaga on the cover of Sunday mag today! Story on her BTS photo book with Terry Richardson.
mim_justone look at the conversation to see who started it
Don't say you love twitter when you never tweet.
j0nnnaa She just announced it!
Finally got my burberry rainboots excited !
I hate HPS. It is the dumbest class in the entire world and will screw my whole GPA up
iWishThat you would leave me tf alone....
why does this always happen to me ?
Not even the slightest bit excited about the england game tomorrow.
This nigga jus ate some fruit that he just rubbed on a dead person
This is soo dumb!!! frustrated!
Finally done! Now da anxiety of waiting til dec. 12th
Sexiface know he is sexy
Wow did that really just happen smh can we say
Logan cooked breakfast, listened to MattChandler74's sanctification in marriage with his parents, now going to see breaking dawn!
I love you to the moon&& back. <3
I just won't to disappear !!! people sure know how to make me feel like crap and feel like the worse person ever
MyRadio here's ur reminder, we're starting our AtomicChat in 15 minutes!
So not ALL not MOST BUT SOME set dey self up fa Disappointment !
this is the closet i have ever been with my family i couldn't be any more happier about it.
I don't deserve this
GraceDooley I suppose i can forgive you :-) Are you really gonna tweet me everyday :-o Excited x
No new shows tonight.
Bubble baths after long days ...
On the road to deer camp!
Hi world. My name is Pam barr and can't sing for my life. embarrassed...
Did My Taxes And They Can Keep That Check
Next week I'm conducting Elijah, leading production rehearsals at National Opera Studio and singing two concerts at the Wigmore.
I texted & said I had a question ' he didn't respond.. ^.^ Worried! --- Trigga_Bands
Distorted names with national letters in appcamp voting results...
DonnieWahlberg Hey you ;) Miss me...lol hope your well sweetheart xx
Been a very wonderful turnout to an even more wonderful day.
Les soirées avec les geeks, les MEILLEURS.
Parents are going away for a long weekend at the start of next year
NEVER get metro PCS. it may be cheap, but its the WORST cell phone plan there is.
Magnetic_glaze girl I showed my Hurley badge and he said well since you'll be taking care of me one day I'll let you go.. Lol
The truth comes out no matter what
scarscartevis is looking out the window...
1st ever phone interview tomorrow :) :)
RHOyalHOTness what happened to your Cowboys?
I can't wait till 9pm to watch t.I. & tiny new show
Me_So0_Harlem sound like ThatniggaJamaal smh...
CiaraMeaney There was a blonde in tow!
My boyfriend looks so cute and snugglable in my bed right now, but I gotta finish this paper
Yeah sure I have had some regretful things in my past but I learned from them and they have made me into the man I am today.
I really needed this weekend
I just saw one of the pics from the shoot - OMG!
Casper_xo does she know you're doing it? ;)
ValterTorsleff happens all the time
Driving back to Brighton listening to Christmas songs off to Mexico Wednesday
I didn't trip, the floor looked like it needed a hug.
“ Having a sister is like having a best friend you can't get rid of. You know whatever you do, they'll still be there.” Men_Drop
nowwatching: Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
fått en tröja av hai
Gunna watch MUFC then get wasted n forget everything, even if it is only for one night
MambaMaillis Metz101011 whitey330 can't even get in on these tweets disappointment  CJNocera
Walking Dead finishes today
...in other words...i fount a
long as im living.... im blessed
hey spam bots! I don't want any DELL laptops :S i already have em! So STFU !
First day of winter- 61 degrees and sunny!
“Paige_Kruse14: Comin home from the hood with my gangstas been postin up all day. Selling dat best white coke in dat nati goonsquad”
I don't like Following new people. Makes my following:followers ratio suffer.
Twitter should really stop following people for me.
d_LiNdSeY4 showed me some real shit
Why is this classroom cold? :(
Lillienoles i feel annoyed but thats another story....
Brainstorming blog content and winding down from trivia mayhem at work.
Dont you just love seeing men holding their wives's purse ??
The scent of slow cooked kettle beef & potatoes is wafting through the cabin...
iBeliebForJDB OMB !! really !? his coming back !? wish it's true :)
damn I aint a philly fan but 44-7 is definitely not a good look for PA smh sadness lol
WTF. My top lip won't stop twitchin -___-
Ah lil twist is sexy so is ray ray keep doing ya thang
Miss you so much
ooooooh Youtube has its video editor back!!!
let me copy this so i don't mess up again...
I miss my Mountain Home.
Thankful that I'm not at the crazy stores right now! Tomorrow: Lady Antebellum concert!!!!
Up by myself, listening to music
looking back at today, im so glad for my friends INamedJames n monikaevelyn. id be so a lot worse off w/o them :)
darkjedi1024 C'est pas faux.²
Ultramel and peach slices with ma mom.
Such beautiful eve thanku CharlGambill SteveGambill 4best staffxmasparty!N now still up wrapping presents4 beautiful friends4am
Missing me some ricanchocolate feeling
Confession: I want to meet my man at thee door naked, but what if he decides to bring his friends home that night??
Tiiired. Ready for late nights, movies, family, and best friends.
Belly buttons are Fucking
Hospitals are awful places. And the weather doesn't help.
Girls that act stupid because they think its cute annoying -__-
The bus was 20 mins late this morning, started walking away and then it came so had to run for it
GREAT people talk me just to tell me that you're online but you fuckin BLOCKED me
My friend just told me he got invited to Louis from One Direction's new year party in London?!? He's not going and he's not taking me
I hate when ppl walk up to me hug and speak to me and I don't know who the hell they are cuz we only met like once
going to eat so much today
Im.bout tweet alot tonight
ukuleleboy Explain? Um...sport is a religion in the US. A winning college football coach is a sort of god.
I'm eating hello pandas and i'm with maria <3
dkirkpatrick4 ehamn David I was sick!! Elizabeth... Aly and Aj, SO COOL:) haha they're following that many?
I can drive Ruby again!!!!
Got P90x...next Insanity Workout..
Christmas is a week away!
Feels much better after talking to my parents about anything
Spending my thanksgiving with family and friends at the Callahan house.
Watching my bubba crawl backwards n trying to show her how to go forwards. She's deffo getting
berri_neko gimme the picture for the twitter layout I'm gonna make for youu~<3
your such a prick, really wannna punch you right now
Fuuuuuuuuuddddgggeeee Jeezy gonna b in Greenbriar Mall in ATL for a meet and greet tomorrow and i cant be there ughhhhh!
madalynlee9 k_born is going to be in Chicago this weekend along with David Recker for a Teaching Conference. I want to hitch a ride.
puravidaa this week you,me, mle_grace22 ... rage.
Alright, thanksgiving is over..let christmas begin!
If it wasnt for the veterans all us would be blew the fuck up
I hate when ppl stare at u
If you don't tell her how you feel, she'll find some other guy that will tell her all the things that she wanted to hear from you.
ahenkel5 shelbyvak Hahahaha god was to busy Christmas shopping is my Fav tweet I've read
Children will not remember you for the material things you provided, but for the feeling that you cherished them. ~Richard
Playing words with friends while drunk should be outlawed. Losing way too many points!!!
Watching the new spy kids looking back I didn't realize how bad those movies really were... disappointing!!!! :/
hoy me voy a hacer mi primer tattoo
Ewww! As I was walking out the gas station, I walked right thru this mans fart...
cecbennett umm can't wait excited majorhyper JACOB<3
just realized we forgot chest bump in gym Friday disappointing damianixo
lmao I remember those seee thru jordansss tht came out
Hate the kids that take an hour to text back
Im glad smokinn was more important -____- Irritated !
finally some alone time in my man cave!!!
cody probs doesnt even know that this pic is online and we all are tweeting about it.. lmaoo
first thanksgiving I won't be spending at my house
my mom can quit treating me like a fucking child now omg
Thanks for all the support you've been giving me lately on my newest video!
Another day, another opportunity
I did something everyday this break.
haven't cried that hard in a long time
Nothing nastier than biting into a burger, that youve craved all day....then pulling out a hair (that definitely isn't your own)
Christmas shopping has also been completed!
Taylor swift gets on my nerves
My face always decides to break out at the most inconvienent times. I know it is never a good time for that, but still.
eventsforgood lizkingevents I'm going!
SamanthaJean_83 too bad its going to rain all day, it will be thursday.
Today I didn't even have a single drop of any kind of soda/pepsi/cocacola.
Just donated 50kg of rabbit food to my furry friends at the RSPCANSW. Hope this will make their Christmas a little better!
initiation tonight!!! 40 new Deltas welcome to the sisterhood
Good luck to tay_fortson72 on her last final today
OmanLilyanna I wanted to come for the beginning of the day. but I'm ready to go now!! haha. I wish I could have come. :(
haven't seen my baby nephew in forever depression!
going to chill with oomf :) excited :)
Tonight with my girls is exactly what I need
Listening to Beethoven to calm me down!!!!!
aww he totally made my morning<3
rlly mad im missing gymnastics
these next two days of work is going to suck. Going in at 8 and then 645 in the morning
Oh god, justin beiber just said 'SWAG' on the VMA's, he should probably kill him self now..
People are so damn mean.
Choreographed half of the Thriller today! Going to be sick!<3
it's not on Netflix?
Every have a finger nail get stuck in your finger nail clippers?
iamsbee I HATE days where I leave my headphones at home. I feel for you bro.
Everyone REALLY needs to jump off the Taylor Swift bandwagon. She's not that great.
Oven baked cookies+Ice Water = Love <3
KweenzDestroy yoitsdsy graffiti politics runs so deep I think at point people forget what it WAS all about. Just drama n shit talking
Hate that moment when your bf wakes up late because his alarm didn't go off! Oops!
leanne_Horsley ... YAYYYYY! who you going with? im excited. x
My turkey recipe: just throw it in the oven for a day or two. Thankful that someone else is cooking.
It's it a joke to you why the fuck bother text me back right?
My dad is such a rude driver. It's
S/O to my home slice jesslingle for her renewed tweeting and texting privelages!
i really fucking hate talking to ANY indian via customer service. i dont understand you. im tired and cranky and i speak english.
Why should I take you serious? You have done nothing to prove to me that this is wat you want!
Haven't had coffee all day
Oh how I missed  waking up in my bedroom at home<3 the big windows the wooden floors the fluffy pillows
im back in jersey and stayin here awww
Found the one open luby's in the world
The stuffed animals I sleep with: the dog justin won me at a carnival, the snoopy he gave me, and the build a bear he made me.
Some people will never grow up
It took you 25 years of your life to realize that you have wasted 25 years of your life...
thinkn about Ma boo ofcouse as always. :)  happy!
bex_pix SuZ_McC DeeDee023 Yes, the forecast for Christmas is thunderstorm :(
chemistry needs to get their shit together and display the final grades
I spend so much time in my room alone you would think I'm on punishment...
Me and Jake have an interesting relationship..
bought my 10 yr old sister a jackson chameleon today.. weirdest secret santa gift ever
Most productive day @ work thus far.
I hate talking about natural disasters. :(
Oomf tweeting stupid shit this early in the morning to early for that shit
Finals....wresteling...studying....homework...stupid people....I could just keep going but despite all that I still find a way to be
the feeling of having money in the bank.
This guy on my bus needs to grow the fuck up
shut the fuck up,
no more Bored to Death
DannyCox10 samanthafaiers great tee shirt have 1 myself
watching everyone leave as I walk to my final
He is taking advantage of you. You deserve way better...
Gotta get skyla stuff for dance, I can't wait
GypsetJewels Thank you for stopping by and bringing me my very own GypsetJewels! Going to rock these sunglasses everywhere! xo
VictoriousJOKES Praying it's me and with tissues by my side if it's not.
Ain't been to nobody's club in a year!
Aimana comes home tmrw!
I have no followers:( disappointed!
Same shit different day
Taff_Dragon ohhhhhhh what is it! Looks interesting
This cold weather is seriously getting
Wish patriot could be less strict.
Jesus the reality of today's times that-ass!
My phone has 83%?!
Soo, Glee is almost over and Santana was hardly bitchy.
Been waiting so long on my mum fedup and
Everyday swears they are producers and yet half those djs can't even dj yet...first things first learn the basics
Christmas songs on the ipod :) who cares if you cant sleep when you can sing along to Christmas.
Our beta testers (kieran_earley, DHSBoys, stevemargetts, ben_bate) will receive an email tomorrow with iDHSB 1.3 Beta 1!
Patience is the key. Just a shame I have not got any!
JickNones1989 & BigTmeTimmyJim just watched me get smashed & eaten alive in the elevator
Lisa_Anne09 you have some explaining to do.........
Why does it say forbidden when I'm trying to follow my mate on here so annoying....
simieboy i was talking act fri night. i shouldn't have. everything i had conveniently forgotten came flooding back.
My boyfriend bought me a Dallas Cowboys Christmas hat and a Cowboys stocking :D Bestgifts Happy :))))
2 kids asleep, homemade brownies and wrapping gifts with Matt_Carson
Kinda excited about workin 11-7am tonight at kohls these black Friday shoppers better not get to crazy! Time2 rest up until then!
Allah nej7uk ya masr....Good luck
So to make it easier && NOT get on her bad side , I got what SHE wanted !
Im seeing all of these food commercials and for once it's not appetizing
practive then a lonely 4 hour drive back to erie for christmas break
Going back to the corner where I first saw you, gonna camp in sleeping bag, I'm not gonna move np thescript
Today better go by fast...first all time low concert tonight! Aidkekgbpwnfghnek.
Can never sleep when I need to.
I'm single, enjoying life, & learning about myself. I have the most WONDERFUL friends & I'm loved by so many that I love dearly!
oh my god, im in the biggest house ever!
Later tonight I'll be streaming with slyvn  you better make it or else!
I'm not where I want to be, but God has taken me from where I use to be.
Damn I hate headaches
Just bought my ticket for Breaking Dawn!
Chippy he is the cutest thing in a costume ever!!
Old school nelly.
I'd give anything not to be sick right now.
I'm watching a dude put the boot back on his car.
lexiLIVESlove I heard it's to dye for. Lol!!! Can't wait to kick it later!!
WHY POST THAT ON TWITTER.
Not feeling so hot
Transferring them all to my berry. Not all pala baka nde kasha lol
Why do I have the best boyfriend ever ? I don't know what I would do without him
I'm about to work on this Christmas CD!
&Bush students stay in the news: Rape, Molestation, Assault against a child, Murder, Money Laundering, &Fraud?! DAMN!
So blessed for another day today  especially since today is Thanksgiving!! Happy Thanksgiving to everyone 
Ughh everyone is going to friggin New York
I have the biggest fcking attitude right now..
I've never been so sad to not be able to dance.
I've given so much away for someone who couldn't give two  's about my wellbeing.. He did before. But some people change for the worst
it was nice to see oomf lastnight..
I made her cry alot  but I didnt mean to
selenagomez I Love U Honey
We should always see the millions of people who accept us for who we are. Not notice the one person who doesn't.
Tried to listen to mikethemiz on wmms but my stupid coworkers kept interrupting and then hung out and talked in my office.
Just one of these days where only you could make it better. Going to bed. Tiered of thinking!!
Just got a LOVELY sms from a lovely person ! :))
Im gonna play every f*cking nicki minaj song i have
Traveled so much the past few months just found a pillow and blanket in the car!
Wish I could get in the ring soon. But my doctor's opinion is totally different.
North American tours dates for RedHotChiliPeppers are being announced in December.
LittleMsJones I would but I just thought about somethin I woulda had to take u shoppin on my BDay -___- hurt lol
Work had a party today for everyone who has a birthday in December. Guess the 23rd doesn't count. ;(
A three hour exam to be done in two hours...that seems fair!!!
Where are the car keys? I need to leave like wtf.
GordonEdes won't be surprised if we get out of Dallas have have done nothing.
Pepperoni pizza and a bottle of ice cold Smart water ;)
Ambientando la casa para el tema navideño :D largo día de trabajo me espera
Why is everything always so complicated?!!!
Luvin' my seat in computer time:)
Off to work. Wish me luck!
Today was a Great Day spent some Qt wit him nd the lil one, then the rest of the day wit my siblings
Glad timing worked out tonight
Class ended early so I went to my lab 20 minutes early... Yah
what happened to everybody hates chris?
Watching OnceUponATime with my mommm, eating icecream. love (:
The only thing I dont like about christmas is opening presents in front of people,you can tell by my face when i really dont like it. sad.
jus had an inspirational late lunch date w my cousin. 23 & he's gone cleaaaaar... proud :-)
HobieButcher41 what!! I love that guy!!
Ugh I like my tweets better private but than no one new can follow me unless I log onto a computer to approve them!!
Drove with the top down all day. 64 & sunny in November. Thankful!
termine de estudiar por hoy al fin mañana sique me aplico con las 2 hrs de estudio
JoeyEssex_  on 8 out of 10 cats
It feels good to be single. But sometimes you just get so lonely depressed:(
Hate watching football when ray wilkins is commentating!
I'm willing to try this: wear lighter colors,eat figs, and take melatonin supplement to help w/ sleep during winter mths. SAD DROz
*that moment where u realize where ur wrinkles on ur face is gonna be.
Finally killed the big 8 pointer I've been seeing
Thank you aw aw for the surprise “aawAwaWaw: AntonIswara surprise”
Tryin to get good deals first in line on black friday is just as frustrating as signing up for classes on gulfline
Being angry makes me wanna cry at times
8 days until big sean and 9 day until my birthday!! :)
laliespos Cada día te admiro mas y mas! Estoy muy ORGULLOSA de TU fan! Love you Doll!
«You're not on break?»RT breonika0_o So mad I slept thru class :/ ... I set my alarm but didn't turn it on
Started my meds yesterday...hopefully ill be in an amazing mood for xmas im having a nye party canny fookin wait
those times you're excited about the day then you wake up sick
Ich will auch GoogleMusic haben. Damn it. Its a world wide network! So why not release GoogleMusic everywhere from day 1?
Justin's voice has changed SO much
dearshay OHHH...Yes so I did. I feel rather stupid now. I thought it was some sort of cool word for drugs.
5500 words later... I'm almost done. ish. This is getting
No matter what I'm thankful & very much in
WAIT HOL UP. MB's COMING BACK TO TEXAS ON MY BIRTHDAY?! Of course I can't go cause iv got a dance performance -_______-
OMG!! I can't take another WHOLE year of this aaaahhhhhhhhhhh!!
Cinnamon air... the holidays are here
Happy birthday dad! U would have been 71 years old today.......miss u lots! x
When people can't take the blame for the things they do...
The lady's voice behind me is on another level. Almost like those whistles that only dogs can hear.
now a days it seems like our generation smoke, drink, get tatted, have sex & get piercings JUST to fit in
Just 1 more hour...
Next week marks my 6th anniversary of quitting smoking. I smoked a pack a day for 13 years but never looked back.
When you remember you're not important to someone anymore..
is happy! Has everything I could ever want and couldn't be more blessed
rihanna love the song already, it'll be another hit for you!
why is my home wifi not working?!?!
My family arguing over politics.
Got new earphones for my iPod. They are pink! Haha
MomentsICanNeverForget the time Jordan Micheals washed dishes with a sponge previously used to clean up puke
I hate copiers and followers!
Argh exactly 3 months ago I was in London starting my month long holiday
cursodetwitter no todos los avatares son reales, o se condicen con la realidad
I'm starting to get really nervous about my interview results from GECareers ...
OMG PEOPLE I DONT KNOW STOP SENDING ME CRAP SO YOU CAN HACK MY MESSAGES!!!!!
Actually we didn't leave.. haha love xx
when you accedentaly upload pictures on facebook and they wont delete!!
omg, I need sleep but can't
Junior_Mafioso obvs will but its 4 hrs long
FabszC JoelDance_ Twizzy_Official safe bro, respect for that
I hate waiting for a train for over 20 minutes...
My whole fam is telling me how stylish I look
LAST DAY @ WORK FOR ME UNTIL NEXT WED.
I think turkey day is my fav holiday..this is when I can be the skinny fat nigga I was born to be without any judgement
justinbieber must feel good to b back home
I rep my school harder than anyone
1st of december already, omg I'm nearly 18! Wooooo excited x
Sometimes being The DopeMans Wife isnt all its cracked up to be it has its perks but it has its dwns im
Baseball season needs to hurry up and get here
My mom is making turtles, caramels, and cookies all in one day
My heartbeats are empty
Thank god I never have to sing any of those Christmas choir songs that are gaf ever again.
today has been wonderful.. :)
Aahhh Fucking Happy my love come back on Tuesdayyy
Oh hey paycheck,you'll be gone in about 24 hours.
Bored.Sitting at home!
Another day, another blessing...
Truly Am The Luckiest Girl In The World!
Right ok so I woke up 2 news that landondonovan is coming back 2 Everton and its been snowing
it just REALLY hit me exactly how much student loan debt I'm in. glad it's paying off for me. I think I wanna punch something
Just killed the arsenal tryout.. probably my best I've ever done!
After searching through 1,000+ movies i found the one i was looking for..
I hate when someone DMs me something that they can just tweet me.
Not a bad shift today.. Kids went to bed on time.. We decorated the cottage with xmas stuff and had a good day.
Ready for this weekend so I can work on my vision board!!!!!
Ugh so full idk how I'm eating desert
hanmcdonnellX oh my god what is it!
Wat is wrong wit kenyapower I really can't afford to miss BriefcaseInc. Aaaarrgh
Can't wait to pig out on some of my aunts amazing food! excited!!
A_Jam91 oh dont tell me I'm missing you come to class dressed like that again!!
Another day on this journey in these size 12's
this time tomorro ill be on my way to Australia :)
my much needed shopping spree is slowly approaching ;
Gonna smoke with my boo:D
kathleenraskin why do you have to be a hater? Get a life
can't wait for this weekend to startt
English professors at college have way too high of standards for papers
derabeanss i know how you feel :(
just making the best of everything
As if the Giants loss wasn't enough of a heartbreaker...the Mets just traded Reyes and now I'm beyond depressed.
Nothin Worse Then Tinch Askin Me On A Date!
Hates food shopping! Especially when the shop is full of annoying kids!
But when a good girl gone she gone forever.
TayHughes4 yeah! Just let us know when! You have my number?
sierraeaton79 don't worry we won't forget, how could we forget you!? You be kickin it, lol and wed all have so much funnn! excited(:
So blessed to have the love of kortnekole . I truly have my dream girl. If you got a good one, hold on! love :-)
Whyyyy cant i fall asleep?
OMG A Deer Just Hit Our Car Wen We Where Drivinq . & Now iFeel So Bad For This Deer ; He Hit Us Hard ): i <3 Animals
justinbieber! I know it will take a long time before you will FOLLOW me, but it will be worth the wait! Can't wait! <3 proud <3 204
meh i feel like poo
Sioned_xx brrrrr LOVE you hehe xxx
brynnsaige only kinda? I'm
Bonang_M I hope u make time, to really rest B*, we still want u around....
Reaching others this Christmas instead of getting gifts, get out of comfort zoneNshare the reason why Jesus' came 2earth
It's my birthday today. I wanted Stephanie March. So far she isn't here :-(
All the English players singing the National anthem.
Stuffing my face today! I love my friends and family.
Learned alot tonight
darrenkeeney haha waitin for you to pipe up!! you have way to much spare time.. tweet tweet tweet. p.s. i'm pressing reply!
I hate boring people & people who are always sad . It's so  annoying!
I'm going home todayyyyyyyyy
Okay, okay...Andre's got a good little concept there.
In 4mans i have no idea what to do for science fair at all !
Going to the movies with Lexy_Toth tonight!! Can't wait!!
Thankful for another day. Many people didn't get to see today but I'm blessed to be able to spend another day with the people I love.
its really sad that i have only tweeted 854 tweets .... everyone is on their thousands while im still in the hundreds depressed ;'(
**Ephesians 4:32 Be kind to one another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, as God in Christ forgave you.**
I get so lonely at times If my sister didn't come over so much I would go crazy I think she be using me for dinner & dessert DAILY
Those days where everything is a complete mess
Damn libraries and there computer systems all I wanna do is print my LAMDA and be out of here!!
BelikeMike2310 you're supposed to be studying..not tweeting.
jingleball2011 tomorrow!!!!! Can't wait to see ddlovato!! excited (:
I just donno what to do anymore
i still use AIM.
Bought Chanel no. 19!
ThingsThatPissMeOff putting a condom on my antenna and trash in my truck
When I was little, I would wonder what I would look like at this age... I am so not impressed. :O LOL
Manda has the giggles
But why complain when it's just the hand God dealt me
lemonstarbursts Good. In the MCI days, a friend had a few cans of soup & the box burst. Sicked out that day, but still.
Haven't found my North Face for like the past two weeks  
I cannot wait until I get cleared by the doctor to play basketball
emmettb13 I can see the point in 3 day but definitely not 2
relized everything I have is someday gonna be gone..
Concords will be mine.!
Also slightly concerned I've got the dodgy chair in the lecture theatre and it's going to collapse...
On my way to dentist
2 double shots!!! Just getting started! thankful!
WakaFlockaBSM heard your performing in queens on Dec. 17th for a party that i might be helping with. never seen you perform live
shyraluvscheese I Miss Yue Too Sissyy!!! <3 Happy:)
it's always about appearances with you isn't it?
What kind of school computer doesn't have word on it!?
Schools out for christmasssss!excited :D
Missed one thing through Thanksgiving but will hopefully have it through the rest of the holidays.
kacee_facee fell asleep On me 3 hours ago -__-
Verizon How about showing some support to your customers and GIVE US A DATE ON GALAXY NEXUS
oh apple customer service, you make me so happy
YEEEEEES! You did it Harry!
I love attending different churches
Watching The Lion King for the first time today in biology
men are so stupid and clueless
Call me old fashioned, but do the Kardashians even know what the word marriage means?
My titties. They feel ...nice. to be little.
SnakeJiggs sooooooo I have more thannn you! and they retweet me more that's
25% battery just my luck
This party somthin light... got my moscato tho
Omg disney tommorow!! With my besttt friend tktay3   so excited!
Mmm.. Tamales de Mole
Cheers to the frikkin weekend
Just got home and Bella was waiting for me at the door.
I have no regrets because my life is as GOD intended. If it shoulda been different,then it woulda been different.
I'm so ready for next week :D
I am Truely sad to say I have met someone that's has no common sense what-so-ever.
Couldn't find a bow tie I liked. So my wife made me one! She continues to amaze me.
Ran for the train today. My body felt like I was about to have a stroke after.
Mañana con Ellas.
finally got my hands on the new issue of InStyleMag ... loving every page of it!
In need of a punching bag. Rough morning at the airport
Harry potter marathon on abc family should be 24/7
MBP is definitely back. The charger seems to use different material, logic-board swap fixed graphical artifacts.
New record player set to arrive today;
Mi hermana es la persona mas buena que conozco
Good morning yall had a wonderful time with my boyfriend last night....all smiles looking forward to having a great dayy.....
Thanks to Twitter, I can vent about my roommate so i don't feel the need to fight her so much
Bhs step out roundoff bhs tuck, roundoff bhs tuck & a punch front. In 38 days for chattanooga? Love y'all but that's kinda crazyyy
This baby is the happiest she has been in weeks and weeks and weeks this morning. Thank goodness for that. health happiness clock_nine
Can't even begin to say all the things I'm thankful for. But most of all my family and all my great friends, new and old.
Maybe if Georgia knew how to catch a ball..
FlyLifeImages PhotosByRome ErnestEstime TECHIENYC respect ur work & appreciate ur comradery this year fam. Wish u all the best
I cant believe you can look at me in pain and laugh smh Hurt :'(
just practicing for my choir concert monday night
Sometimes suprise parties aren't good suprises...like when the suprise is your not invited
How do you f*cking forget 11 months...
familyproblems when there is to many kids and there ruining around making to much noise
“Shakealogy Good morning!!!!! Happy Wednesday, im still here thankful”
christmas shopping Highcross with the sis evelynn_xo today, gonna be manic but we're professionals!
See when ye didn't get home from work til half 2, the last thing you want to hear at this time is someone hammering away next door!!
had a fun night with my sister west_shea, hailey and our boys are coming over<3 excited (:
Manicure, 2 days, sun, cruise.... Yup im
You Bitches went off tonight realshit proud!
Ahhh i made spartanaires!!!!!!
Holy fucking shit. If my mom doesn't shut her fucking mouth up & stop REPEATING her damn self, I will gladly do it for her. irritated ]:<
keep smilin baby cause Life is beautiful.
If I get called a hipster one more time someones getting punched.
Flintstones Christmas is on tv! But..its time for bed.
justinbieber you're incredible:) I will always be there for you! Thank you for all the love to us:) can't wait for Believe:) PROUD <3 12
Nothing I own works and I don't make enough money to replace them let alone purchase sittable chairs
Major S/O to the fuller family for my second love COOKIES.... thanks for the COOKIES.... Love u guys... LADYFULLER1
So it's been rumored that Twin Atlantic are playing at Belladrum next year... If they did I'm pretty sure I'd die.
Woke up , on the wrong side of the bed grumpy annoyed . Lol
so.. my brother is 11 yrs old & still follows my mom into the women's restroom!!!
You said you wouldn't be like them. But you've become just like them.
Waking up stress-free and knowing I got my boo<3
Trying to make a move on my Tat soon
The universe gave me a harmonious kickback of cosmic radiation. I'm now transducing the information through my neuro-modulators.
Daddy just put all the christmas lights up!!
Finally a survey I can believe. Pune second best Indian city to live in. Even taking the roads into account.
I feel like I'm in a snow globe love hightweet.
these last few hours before vaycay are going by hecka SLOW!
How obsessed can a person be?
When You Only Know Like 3 Words To A Song....Really Want To Know What It Is! Annoyed -_-
I am now the proud owner of a Mac Book Pro
I must look or walk single...to many tryna talk to me flattered but
Hate the way twitter decides to randomly scroll up when I'm still reading!
R_Breezy3 you kept complaining when we were watching it last night you and dom wouldn't even sit through it!
We only have a two week Christmas break this year!
OMG, Worse XML specs EVER!  Why is there a COMMA separating LI in UL???
Support Human Rights because we are all equal in this world!
lyndsaykernan i dont hate you
3 pairs being delivered 2day ^__^ !!!!
Just used the word 'argyle' in a game of words with friends!
Hey power965 can you please play some more music .. It's been almost 10 minutes of annoying ads
Good effort boys
fighthype just watched a replay of the fight and am truly heart sore for Marquez. That was his fight 100% fair & square.
*sigh*. my family is gone...back to boring old life.
I feel good today.... might get drunk
Going to watch Breaking dawn with xRockOnDemi,  TeamStelena162 and LikeSoCool_ on Saturday, EXCITED :)
Everyone looks the same in nova.... boat shoes, khakis or Jeans, and Polo's.
hate being here now
Find me here in your arms now I'm wondering where you've always been..the last place we're going is down..
I've actually studied for an hour
How do you have so much to tweet about?
Real men look for women who are mature, and know what they want in life
Barbara_DeDios KITE RUNNER!! Stratford
You talk to boys? Cool, you don't always have to tweet about every guy you talk to..
Paus catching like Gavin
My mom is getting on my nerves
Well it's Not funny it's Sad ..
vicmaharaj ferrari's harder tyre issue has been the biggest killjoy ever. So many races could've been a lot closer
The Nightmare Before Christmas = the BEST combination of Halloween and Christmas :)
i swear if i knew what i was wearing to school the night before, it would save me and hour of stress.
I've received way more baby shower invites than wedding invites.
Omg is peter not there forever? :(
kkpickel24 I'm just kidding girl. Love you!! Have fun wit ya boyyyyy ;) kissasskevin
IHATEWHEN people complain over little things.
So happy I got to see my cousin sporting the Irish uniform. So happy to be home.
I love Kareemat! She sends me pictures of cookie to hold me over until Saturday
Right now having that feeling that Im forgetting to do something or be somewhere. Makes me crazy.
we use to fight all the time, then we made separate lives now we are building something up that is 10x better
Alright, I'm getting off of Twitter right now.
FF NMA8 Kind cute and friendly you have to Follow her 
So many people may say they have been in Love but do they really know the true meaning of the word
Heading out into town to do some recycling and then to Penrith!
I hate when my parents make me feel bad
Just saw that ariannyceleste is Spanish and Filipino like me plus a little more :P . I guess we really do make beautiful people !
about to end all of my words with friends games.
I try not to get drawn into the whole LFC thing but wearing t shirts with Suarez 7 is so wrong on so many levels
Niggas got my head gone I'm spelling shut wrong. Can't focus str8
Still yet to see Coventry win a game this season.. 0-1 at home to Hull
My bestfriends are both leaving me.. Yeah I hate my life.
Just peeped the  vid brohammys! dope jam awesome visuals.. Love ProducerMC MilBrandon
CoachFindlay Have you heard the new Jason Derulo song?  He's sampled Toto's Africa.
Such an amazing weekend so far.
I hate haircuts, they really let me depressed :'/
Can't wait for the term to be over, so done with algebra 2.
Get me out of here before I freak out on someone
tdsouzaa_ including my seminar on monday!
Watching Christmas cartoons & drinking wine.
I swear if these workers don't stop banging on my house I'm gonna blow!
Sittin in front of this big ass tv I feelb like a king on his throne
RobKardashian shakin his booty on The View...
Hatee when my mom be doin too much when she tryna drivee ;
5 years from now they're gonna be like the dust that gets under my Red Bottoms Annoying.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Be thankful for everything you have. Don't take advantage of anything.
ddaaang im fallin' behind on my tweetin'
I cant believe we live in a country where people don't judge ppl simply for being ppl but rather by what religion they practice it's
I cannot believe a pro DB jus fell for tht
Royceda59..Nickel can you be honest I know ya will you hated Hilltop Hoods ay???
Okay i just realized this Steve Wilkos is about a daughter sleeping with her dad.
I wish this girl would stop starting drama with me.
Dang I want to text so bad I'm not way to much
well now that tourny is over. Now i gotta focus on this huge upcoming showcase..
thewillofdc I love Nintendo. Now more then ever I regret not having moved there yet.
What am I gonna wear tomorrow ? Hmm . . I have to look nice ! Excited ! :)
I'm never happy with myself after a game
soul train awards! after party & heavy d tribute at the lux lounge :).
Goin 2 see the new chipmunk movie wen it comes out
Smh, peek_achoo singing love on top ALL wrong...
people always act so secure and tough on facebook and twitter..but in real life they are the most insecure people.
Cuando sueño con un beso se transforma en un tequiero de tu voz
Do you just not care about how I feel?
yay! I've put on 6kg over 3 months!
On that note : I'm hitting the sheets. Church in the am & Zumba in the afternoon. I'm excited! :D
Amariieexo I'm cuddling with myself
cannot wait for peterdickson to say onedirection tomorrow night! <3 excitement.
Ham and pineapple pizza.
My moccasin always comes untied..
I knew being late I wouldnt get the good poster project
My Dove chocolate just told me that my smile is my best accessory. After finding out my car is okay, it's all I can do NOT to smile!
Why is Misha in bottom 2?
I've had so many flashbacks today of all these really great moments in my life.
Off to NYC this morning with amanda0620 & Steven :)
He came around here like dukes of hazzard then he was diggin it digin it like dale jr and then he shot across... love rednecks :)
Dance competition in the morning!!
should be able to find out what I'm having real soon.
LovatoLaughs aww now I can't wait for tomorrow!!!!
One direction are performing for the third time on the x factor next weekend !!!
Why do black people always gotta show they ass on tv?
In a taxi from South Beach 2 Town & d music is toO lOud
Claiming you a hustla and make $ on social sites is hilarious. U probably making $9 an hour. Just STFU.
This guy beside me smells like pot. disgusting.
Can't wait till practice today
Haven't seen yu 4real in 2days....now yu sleep...
Lord, thank you for waking me up to see, hear, and smell another beautiful Thursday in the neighborhood.
Very happy get to sleep in till 10 and drive to school alone
tinaxlove waiting for u to take me out -_- u tossed me to the side
just looked at my old twitter from like 8th grade, why was I such a douche?
Poor performance by Amir Khan last night & too lose it by having 2points deducted serves him right!
JC_PRESENTS 49ers are all over every  sports channel shits
worstfeeling that moment when you go to your room to sleep and there are no sheets on the bed
MirnaMastilovic garage WOULD do something like that..
Getting a Michigan State helmet for the top of the tree.
fustz you lost me at 'I socialise' you do not socialise, it's all lies. Aw, it rhymes.
Im in thee worst mood right now .
Idk why but it bugs me when dumb kids bandwagon the ducks when they haven't liked them until  now
this sucks so bad.
BryanStars No no. Question is:Can you find Andy, Ronnie, Nikki Sixx and Marilyn Manson! I know more than half those people
Lynseeeyl lush lush lush!
I can't wait to get back to my normal Life!
Muse in studio working on new album.
_kyllian_ sorry schatje slaaplekker xx
my sister wont let me watch the last song );
did joe biden just say there is no rush getting the soldiers out of iraq...seriously
Proverbs 3:3 Let not mercy and truth forsake you; bind them around your neck, write them on the tablet of your heart.  Happy Friday!
I never skip a class or taste any alcoholic beverage
Had a dream last night that _hayleysalmon &BekkiLT thought my ankle looked like Cher when you put hair on it. I was not impressed
Why is it that whenever I see a picture of you, I can't get it out of my head for the next 20 mins.
Whyy can i ever sleeep
Going to guitar pull tomorrow get to meet kelliepickler so
When u 1 letter away frm completing ur tweet and it sez u dnt have anymore character spaces left
Parents that have no control over there children....
TU and then more eats.. thankful ..
Excited do fat day!
Might be recieving my copy of Wreck This Journal tomorrow :D
didn't think i would cry at the notebook but right now i am a blubbering mess. never watching a sad movie on my own ever again
My dad is a very rude man. neverbeen this disgusted.
You call yourself my best friend but you avoid me. Who the hell does that?
85 on my chem final? Yah, ill take it!!
Man im at Dental Depot an this random ass train came outta know where an scare'd the shit outta me.!
Whoops! I meant to say KREAYSHAWN and THArealVNASTY are the illest bitches out there .. LOVE !
Paypal informs me my bank refused to transfer funds. Shouldn't my *bank* have let me know about this?
M25 anti clock two lanes closed due to emergency repairs between Dartford toll booths and j31 - long delays
woke up to a text message demanding ideas for dinner and a recipe for turkey sausage & peppers  ...
Mega ultra cold in SantaFe.  Reminds me of last February.   misery.
hannah_joy8 thank you lol I honestly didnt feel that bad this morning
hate having to pay quite a bit of money for a book we'll probably only reference in one essay and be done with it. annoying.
swiftylikewind  OMG THANK YOUU <3
I hate when I'm looking at my phone and my hair curls into my nose
All smiles :) happy with the ppl in my life thankful :)
Thankful for everything I had, have, and will have in the future!<3
Watched Dallas game in Dallas
my pastel calendar has finally been finished, it got held back with all my technology problems, will reveal it tomorrow
culigdansk: 1 bar (amsterdam) had staff showing that clients were unwanted 1 bar (goldwasser) tried to poison us with long gone salmon
Suisham makes field goal to make it 13-6 at halftime.
Uuugh why I put this song on!
Waiting isn't one of my strong points
One of those days
This Spanish test is confusing 
I could really use a hug right now...
Getting numerous hootsuite crashes on iPad, resets then unable to load older tweets,
BaronessaYD 'Mon p'tit chat velu'
jamesgraham7 can't wait to be the bridesmaid at janet devlin and yours wedding:D
YOUNG_DEEZY4 chloe_f_baby tanye_east_ Sheezy_M_Baby yes! I'd rather pitch in for chin chin's!! excited!
ReverendChef stangerous I thought the Christmas special was more than a little weak.
ii cant remember the last time ii was actuall
Made the mistake of texting Coot_kel while I'm in class. I'm laughing way too much.
Seven page message sent to youu<3
drewryniewicz hey Shelby is amazing to(: I actually had a small conversation with her :D oh yeah u have tweeted me back three times
ZBurgmeier20 thanks for disappearing last night
You haven't been on my mind
sitting in school assembly and justinbieber came on, the whole assembly hall starts cheering justin on! and the teachers loved him :)
Really looking forward to the Christmas play at ChurchoftheRez on Saturday and worship at Rezdowntown on Sunday!
Making margarita's w the homie Liz:)
I was really hoping to wake up to a winter wonderland with how much it was snowing last night
Got 3 mosquito bites on my leg.
Mañana mi Cumple :)
mum picked me up early from school,
You just ripped out my heart, stomped on it and ran it over with a fucking lawn mower
cMillerrrr I think I am too!:) make me wanna go listen to all his songs!! Haha
When Gurpurab is in a newspaper article in Toronto and your brothers friend texts him asking him about it!
Fucking plane delays...
Jumbaliahyo i feel like you took subtweeting to a whole new level today
Looks like I'll just rot here all day since I have no life and no one wants to put up Christmas decorations.
kirstieee_x0 I thought you was gonna come back at me with Adidas slogan
In approximately an hour, Daffy_S will be have a Odissi dance performance in front of the President of India at Gurgaon!
adamlevine you did great on ellen <3
CoCoChuchSoWstd i didnt hear you sing all day lol
lovenlivehappy Breathe in~The magic hidden~Beneath skin~In my arms~I'll render lead from gold~Until I'm blinded by your splendor
family expansion!! evi is born
Well its sure hard to tweet what ypur doing... WHEN YOU AINT DOING SHIT! lonely :(
i will stand behind my mother through it all
MyEpicTurtle OMG no we totally have to!!! im thinking December sometime, cause all our exams and shit will be all over! :)
Nonna and nonnos 50th wedding anniversary, that's something to celebrate
rio in two days :))
can't wait until Thanksgiving! <3
What happened to danieltosh ? His tweets seem to lack cynicism lately...
Cudve been poisined....but nope, he lets me live on, and for that i show hime
Email out of the blue - more work but more recognition for CODEC's pioneering work in theology and digital media
miiranmuraya nope i do too!!
If I can get to school in Dulles traffic faster than the Dulles website loading, then we have a serious problem.
Zach and ashley aren't on the challenge :(
Jumped a red light with an ambulance behind me, wasn't sure if they could charge me or not so i raced away from them!
Wanna Know how good your IT infrastructure really is? Work 2 weeks from home...
It's natural to be attracted to and have feelings for someone.Worrying about it won't make a difference.
Stop throwing a flag every play
And a brand new episode of Nikita is on the watch list tonight!
what the fuck ever.
When your day doesn't end like you hoped
Oh gosh! Stop the press! Freddie is wearing a 'I  Justin Bieber' tee on Made In Chelsea. Did Rachael_Grace  play a part in this?!
People confuse the shit out of me
I am sure, that you are my miracle.
Waking the Demon- Bullet for My Valentine <3
Listening to a Nobel laureate NOT talk about the work that won the prize is like your fave band not playing any of their hits
Every hour or so, my Internet crashes for like 10 minutes
Sitting in the woods by myself thinking bout my life
Today at noon, I get the moment of truth!!
AlixDeveau sometimes when I think I do crazy things, you reply and always trump me.
Just whistled for like the first time in my life
Waking up at 5 am to go to Boise State
feeling good n wanting to u
Sick of feeling like this.
School is just noooot my cup of tea...
had a nice day in norwich, now can't wait for london sunday :)))))
Just to b real we don't even act lik we together
Wish I coulda slept last night.. waking up every hour gets
It's my life not yours so let me make my own decisions.
All weekend I get woken at approx 4am. Monday, work day, I sleep through my alarm by 50 mins.
I hate people of planet Earth :/
What?! bensavage was on Bones tonight and i didnt know about it?!
Off to bed with a smile on my face, you on my mind, hope in my heart, and a child that keeps pokin me in my tummy.
Skills* I hate having spelling mistakes
Dropped my phone in the potty ://
Can't wait for Christmas shopping tonight stephanieking59 excited !!!
LeanneRmusic You are amazing, bun all the hate love!
7 days till Christmas!!! Can't wait!! excited :)
All 3 of CStarzyczny's tweets are rage.
4 dayss!!! pearsoncc till you are back in the bluegrass!!!!
natalie_jones85 Monday 10.35 ITV1 Real Crime with Mark Austin: Raoul Moet special! excited x
With the encouragement from Steven_Box I hit up the park an hit some boxes & jumps proud ^.^
But I had a good day! happy :)
had a great day:)
So after 3 fucking washes my hair is no longer pink
The Mount is gone:/
Putting up chrstmas decorations makes me hate Christmas .... There I said it.
LOVE IS SIN'S KRYPTONITE. 1PETER 4:8
no school tomorrow what a great feeeling!!
CoachJennie I swear I've been following you. I mean I see your tweets all the time.
watchin spongebob and in bed wid the bay
Waiting room while mark gets prepped for surgery
linaaaslaaand was amazing in her floetry performance tonight ! <3
So I'm about to go on stage in a few mins...lol
Ahh I love Christmas music! Always makes me feel a lil better..
This stupid dog is annoying me shut up
Can't wait to get my hair done
I don't understand how a box full of twinkies (8-12), how ever much ...that was opened at 9pm last night...is finished 9pm today
MarioLopezExtra tell us what u <3 abt that HOT BOD of yours! while you're at it, join our tweetchat! b
I wish someone would come see me
Nothing makes me more mad than a couple of creepy ass seniors being all over someone in junior high
Ewwww I bought some really cute Jessica Simpson's.....
Beautiful Soul - Jesse McCartney
lonelyplanet  Happy travel memories: Walking around La Coruña & chatting randomly with the warm locals, Spanish hospitality.
Up early feeling blessed and
I made an alarm on my phone to wake me up in 10 minutes cause I won't have time to do my homework,eat, and shower
Génial, grâce au ds de ce matin, je bascule sous la moyenne en maths.
Going to see breakingdawn with family yay:/ hopefully they don't look at me when the nastyscenes come out
I wish I was as cool as some freshman think they are
Everyone in this house didn't complain.
I love you Adam<3
up all night is out in 45 mins...
DGoughie Don't be a sell out and release a crap dvd anytime soon like swanny just has... sell out!!!
I lost all respect for Lebron James after they made fun of his ugly ass on that McDonald's commercial -.-
This dude HoopStar4Life21 is eating cake icing straight from the can..
Best part of my day is when my brothers go to wrestling practice
I want someone to stand under the mistletoe with..
I really need to go home...
Sometimes I don't know how I feel, so I put a front on..
MetalVirgin Pfft! You never message me! :P  I use my Skype like an answering machine AND YOU LEAVE NO MESSAGES
just made eggless cookie dough. not as good as anticipated
Big big big ass s/o to my 16 ass bwooi/brow JorisJJM
not to be rude, but i can not wait to not have a roommate anymore
I hope brockdeweese is having a good time tonight. No texts or tweets by him so he must be adhering to my advice so far.
Cold and Rainy, ew
One more final then the semester over
She dont want me to come to the b&g club dats kool
I love teaching on Wednesdays. It makes me laugh and provides an interesting challenge.
Way to text during a student presentation teach
Holy crap, St. Joseph...you look different than when I lived here! surprised!
I hate when i'm in the bathroom and i see someone come out of a stall and not wash their hands.
Although I know the guy and I can't tell what film he's in
watching ConorMaynard and AnthMelo on BlogTv , amazzinnnggg <3 love,
Feel like I've forgotten something,but I don't know what
brittanyyelaine what happened to you texting me back?
highlander9160 oh u better believe I am out here in this crap. If one more person doesn't waive back I swear
I should've went with my first mind
Mergecatz more like
Suck of hiding my feeling .... (Being Honest With You) LOVE....
When you think it's about half five then look at the clock and it's one..
I not gunna lie .. Im jealous .
I don't like going out on Friday nights. So I'll probably end up stopping in and finishing off my Classics presentation.
Sometimes Microsoft Word's spacing seriously fails me
ThatAwkwardMoment when you mean to text someone else and you look really stupid .
donniewahlberg truly thankful this yr!! My grams test came back negative!
Big day tomorrow... Mivin and da homies _mrNo401kNeeded and dabomb_dot_com comin down!
So I guess every relationship tweet i make now will automatically have something to do with Jalen..............
försöker får ner Victoria Secrets's fashion show, men de går inte fort nog!
troyysanderson tell me about it ;) I love you
Please help make my birthday wish for our Veterans come true. www.firstgiving.com/jacobturns31
Farzin21 Ass kicked by opposing fans on his own turf?
Home from a long day of rehearsals. And... What's for dinner? So far, it appears to be peanut M&Ms and Cabernet. WhiteTrashMeal Happiness!
Hamden tonight to see christmas lights with fwends.
How about you just shut up
Pissed that im not allowed to play my game «RyanTeats pissed at AlecseyS for never playing MW3 with me. disappointed»
Yesyesyes, lightshow in a little
just decorated my room for Christmas! more veggie burritos and biggest loser later!
Why do teams from Houston always do this shit and fall short?
I feel so blessed.
You just called me and I didn't answer because I'm scared...
TeenNick shows are not the way they used to be!!
Doesn't usually do these house parties but I'm actually loving it!
Why do people even bother replying if it's just gonna' be blunt as fuck,urgh piss off
So glad we have a break happy :D
Man, God is good! Hope renewed, Spirit ready and humbled, and my heart is at peace. Thank You Jesus for an incredible day!
Dont even wanna go to winter formal anymore..):
IrelandsLegendTo900000 is almost trending ! C'mon guys, it's not fair he has less followers! He's like the Niallator.
Two good parking spots wasted cause y'all wanna park on the line...
Never seen myself doing the stuff I'm doing now!!
Gettin high to balance out d lows...cranberryvodka..
Thanking the Good Lord for another day
Hot wings for dinner
There are some ignerant little bitches in this movie theater! They need to shut the fuck up!
Hate that I've not played ball since summer, I haven't gone out to a party since october, and I've been doing WORK all of november -_-
Still Impatiently Waiting For My Final Grades To Post....
forgot i may have a chem test tomorrow...
Having a bad day and when you think of your wife & it makes you smile unknowingly ,2 me that is love .
By the way Blackboard is back.
Gosh my hair looks sooooo much betta wit foam on it...more of a loose curl look than dat poofy curl look HAPPY =)
That moment when you are hanging with a friend, and your mom yells at you...Bahaha
Just popped into the Blind School. These kids are so special. We sang and played and laughed joyously. Count your blessings tweeple
First game in 2days
When I'm with you... I'm the girl I want to be!
Seeing as though I'm up early i decided to check XfactorUsa IAmMarcusCanty that was some emotional stuff,What a great song choice
I Hate It When People Don't Fucking Do What I Say!
When the new girl asks me if I'm okay & I just stare at her
Can't believe that coca-cola christmas ad doesn't even exist in Spain
Today is going to be a fabulous day! 
yahoo!! i'll be going home this afternoon!
Goodnight world ..time to boo
Happy thanksgiving enjoy everybody stay safe and most importantly eat eat and eat more
audreyyjordann have fun at school tomorrow! I'll be at home. chilling you will be at school
damn everybody is leaving wont see them in a grip
Drinking tea with a buttered scone, party people comin back with loud music & im watchin FashionTV
Why is it that during finals I have gotten more sleep than usual, and am more ahead of my assignments then usual?
woke up 20 minutes ago, need breakfast, nothing to eat at my house
ahiritroche NelsonGH1S macaliSamesa felixgatogomez me voy a casar contigo y vamos a ir la cancha a alentar a la O
Lachendd with yelly weer
I shouldn't have to compromise for my
I just stalked my own twitter. I'm really not as funny as I think I am
These boys are sooooooooo slow...
K. So..you just texted me 0.5 seconds ago, then I called you..then how tf are you not going to pick up. I know your by your phone.
Geen O&O van jane
Gah falcons so close!
Followin him--->knapz_NYC is like being in the realm of stupid. His mommy interrupts him when he jacks off.
LoNicely thanks for killing BGV's and make up! Love you and your always so supportive.
calebcarithers most ridculous episode i have ever seen
She think she in love while he's in love with someone else
Ugh ---_____--- Why is life such a bother?
everyones talking about formal an I don't even know if I'm going yet
AdrianneHernand preeeettttyyyy sure it's in my room...on my dresser...right now.
nothing i hate more than when people get in my business, you don't care so
iWishThat the Christmas Season could last forever
Happy Thanksgiving - we have so much to be thankful for - be sure to tell those special people in your life thank you.
Matilda is on. Good way to make me feel better.
Spanish drinks and wine and others  
Dmapp64 ohh! Good job babe!
Never too late to be
Wearing my Colombian beanie
Nestle Chunky, why do you have to put raisins?
Yumm, eating Baked zitiii :)
Stop tweeting celebrities about how much you love them. You don't even know them.
With have the complex family :)
Cruz with my family :-)
is blessed and thankful...
What I hate most about emptying the dishwasher is towel-drying all the cups and tupperware that still have water on top.
Hate how everyones talking about the 1D tour and Im thinking 'Why didnt I get there in time?!'..
cagwda yep. you never know when you'll get that long awaited buzz that tells you a text has arrived...
Who's answering questions in lin algebra today? THIS GIRL RIGHT HERE
I reallllllly hate when you text someone when you're in a good mood, just wanting to talk, and then all they do is BITCH
I still haven't seen Breaking Dawn! What is this mess? >:0
Happy Thanksgiving! A lot to be thankful for today. :) Hope everyone enjoys the day and gets to relax with family and friends!
as cheesy as it sounds I can't wait to wear my udmma t-shirt tomorrrow :)
Breaking dawn. 2 days!!!!
Bored.com just cleaned the bathroom!
i miss my sister bbiganja was hopin you'd come bak for Christmas but congratz on the gettin the job.
I'm gonna throw up
iFeeeeeN why did you change your name ?? ):
you know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finially better than your dreams
Could cry for fucking england atm.
soooo ready to get outta second and it just started
I'm tired but time to go to work. Have a good day/night followers
Having a fantastic day. happiness. <3
xfactor Is Misha Janice from friends in disguise??? annoying itv2
Things just don't feel the same. Like things are drifting away.
alanjlogan at least ur off for Xmas :) shitty bums on boxing day
I can tell there are problems, I just don't know what they are.. worried whatdoido :(
Went to MD today, heavier now than I have been in my entire life!!!  Gonna have to fix this ASAP!!!
Home in a week and a half! I can't wait
Achi ari I'm a robot,sometimes I'm red,sometimes I'm green n sometimes I'm orange
I'll never let go Jack, I promise. - Titanic. Omg I wanna cry :,(
Next week this time i will be chilling w 1 of my closest friends, bouncing off the walls before our trip excited :)
Disappointed in ryanbraun baseball is going to hell slow but sure
Out after the 4th hour
The awkward moment when you keep trying to push a pull door
torylecompte jdrexel_5 AbbyLecompte C_Ruszin21 night lovers stay golden
Well im going to sleep happy tonight twiggas
Headphones in, world out
Bu Tinah will always be our 7 wonder
I HATE da dmv!!!! Its like everybody in here look like they goin thru kemo!
RaeLou4 I can't wait to see you BEAUTIFUL! nervous icantwrap.. imafailure.
planning Matt_Swart's 3 week stay in SA. Like a baauuuws. Or a profesh PA. Shit will get real.Ma boooi will approve it via skype. excited!
thankful for today but damn I don't wanna go thru it
“adriwadri:  i emailed kat about having a trivia in the chat at during time slots and then members could answer for housepoints”
Lol I just saw someone get arrested by an undercover on the side of the road.
Robert Pattinson is so damn beautiful
I need a vacation.
Three things are wrong right now. 1.) there's no sun 2.) it's cold. 3.) I'm awake.
Texts would be awesome.
Soph_Macc twitter name was originally Gothitbyatruckandmymomhatesme
Thank you Lord for all your blessings!
is planning on a better Thanksgiving schedule next year. Did not eat NEAR enough.
For 12 years I've been driven home in the passenger seat... Today I drove myself home.
it destroys her out look on love .
PiccoloZaharoff Hope a book will be written about this. I can see many lessons from this relationship, for future generations.
TooManyBlueys and now I am just feeling DEAD sorry for the poor wife, who had to humiliate herself by knocking on the door
Breath is the bridge which connects life to consciousness,which unites your body to your thoughts~Thich Nhat Hanh
Last game of the season...
Just woke up and she's not here.
My card got declined :(
in all honesty, what do you have to lose by being my friend. nothing. but you have everything in the world to gain..
Yes. Everyone knows Pujols left. He does what he wants
Fucking arseholes who pinch your arse for no reason whilst shopping in westfield
realising your a slow eater when you get left at the dinner table
got a chocolate santiieee off my history teacher:D thanks Mr.madden ;o
Then came home and booked flights for New Year to (there's a theme here...) Stockholm.
Dear October the song Halfcrazy is playin because of you...
toniwhiting wah i wish i could ):
I. Can't. Sleep. waaaahh. anyone who doesn't have a death wish better stay outta my way tomorrow..
All because of her:-)
Emily_Laurenn HannahRachelle0 can't believe we just did that
to whoever decided it'd be a good idea to write on my laptop case, it wasn't.
180 Sunday night at 5 o'clock!! Be there.
Clarky_6 haha! I know, the day I pass my test and I'm sat waiting in the bus station for 15mins coz its late!
WHAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTTTTTT YOU HAVE GOT TO BE CRAPPING ME DUDE! talk crap and crap and you end up back where you started -______-
If I was too die..i would rise again on the 23rd hour to pove I cnt go day without you
What's with all the خف علينا jokes, they're funny I agree but it irritates me to see them everywhere! Tweeps why the over reacting?
Woke up thinking today was Saturday
Gosh some guys are so disrespectful
I miss my old bfffffls. )):
macysturkey does this mean we cant hookup?
my sister isnt home yet
Watching Wicked tonight! :D
I'm absolutely loving this christmasseason.getting gifts little by little.
somebody get me home already
This teacher is pissing everyone off today.
FordyPan on that pitch tonight i'd rather hav sin Woods'y steppin up. I knew the outcome b4 the action.
I always end up with eyelashes in my eyes. Irritating!
Woke up with mcdonalds on my table. Having great talks with friends. This good mood better last <3
Those guys that play video games &there's no way of disconnecting them from it!
Am I the only one that's always
guys never know when enough is enough
awwhhyeaahh. just got $50 for my birthday.. little late... but oh well:) still
Grown ass men, fucking wth littttle ass Girls.
Forreal I do a lot for you,be considerate
I remeber I couldn't wait to get to high school cuz I'd be all cool and have boobs...
Making plans for Xmas Break with a long lost friend.
Good win over north laurel tonight ladies. (:  
I try and be nice and quiet in the morning not to wake them up . but never respecting when I take a nap so no more quiet morning !
I apologized. Thank goodness she understands.
What a lovely christmas drinks session BistroBruno - lovely ppl, grt food + grt wine
-Mrs.Bohrs gone today.
My gf means the world 2 me! Idk what I would do without her!? Like real talk!
SalvatoreTW_ and u want all these ppl to follow u because???? Wat it makes u look popular? Lmfao
I can't wait for The Late Late Toy Show tonight :3 No matter how old you are, you're never to old for it!!!
Solid day of tugging: 505x4, then smokeshow singles with 550 and 585.  Thanks animalpak
√ Brine Turkey √ Prep Stuffing √ Roast Sweet Potatoes √ Cranberry Sauce √ Pumpkin Pie √ Buy Wine √ Have Lots of Time w/ Family
I love my cosy knitted scarves until I get fluff in my eyes...
Can't wait till graduation ! Looking at invitations and laptops already ! :D
I hate being forced into uncomfortable situations that remind me of middle-school drama.
Juwan auntie Kay_Reese don't love him no more smh
4 review packets. Speech presentation tomorrow. Gym is the only class I don't have work in.
JAYBUMAOM wassup my boy, cant wait for the new songs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm out here on a mission n I'm all alone.. I'm far from where I'm going an' I'm far from home - Love TheMarathon NipseyHussle
Every time I read tweets about my friends in London shopping n munching food in city. I'm like oh y oh y oh y
There's some problem with Telstra and or whole system is down in the office.
I Know This Niggah Ain't Find My Info Out To Pull Me Up On A Social Network To Be All In My Buisness Smh
2 and a half hour phone call made my night :)
off to work again today, day off tomorrow, and then the excitement for christmas really starts!
got one more week left....
I just woke up! I forgot the time! I'm still not reviewing anything! Panicking!
I get happy for a sec. Then at sec 2 in bak to normal
I hate people who use huge vocabulary
Woke Up This Morning With A Huge Smile On My Face And It Ain't Even Payday |
Yay!!! I just got approved for a bigger place!!
Looking like a need to do a re serious clean out of who I'm following.
finding out what my favorite song actually means makes me
johnclarke88 Dannysoton copper_nick i found it look
Is now watching Solar Exclusive Access of Pacman fight! In fairness, cute pla c Marquez! Hahaha!
I'm surround by stars
Guess He Went To Sleep, Well Night Night Babe!! Sweet Dreams !! happy = D
Forget tweeting about depressing things... Im lovin life right now.
CrystalSaysSo Thanks <3 Happy Thanksgiving to U as well :D
JaimelynArmy Ahhh, that's amazing!!!!!  I don't know any guys who can sing... well, one... but he's not the greatest person... sadness :(
kendall_marie93 i would of thought you would of dedicated it to me
On the peasant wagon listening to my ipod...
My husband is making me hot chocolate :)
My mom trying to make me go to a other church smhh
CoolFM969 some girls are just daft simple.....
clutch situation, picking the fun route
Smiling is hard now a days.
the smallest of things annoy me, you know that, why do you insist on doing it?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
kevgraymusic my wife is auditioning
LOVEFiLM when will the xbox app have films that are not 3 years old and worth watching on
shamzie13 LOL at how i'm your only follower
“greysonchance: On my way to the Philippines! manila excited”
Breaking dawn premiere in aliddo :O
there's no such thing as
Me: hey you down to go to ____? Him: you want me to punch you in the face!?! Lol Me: sure if you'll go... Him: wth!? Lol Love :D
If you leave the kitchen light on and leave one more time, i'm making you pay the entire electric bill
4 more days til christmas
GetYourTipsOut no need to apologise m8 it looked the way u said but chappers just clarified it ashaamar had to be put down
First Christmas with none of my grandparents
Robert_Bull RowanUsher SarahKeltie As a newly promoted PR, I would've thought you could come up with a better pun than that
Off to watch my son being a camel in his play today. Its goona be great!
Lotus Flower Bomb. If you don't know I suggest you find out son!
J'ai trouvé les photos de moi à l'armée! XD je suis trop happy! ^^
HAPPY HUMP DAY.
KatelynLeka quit blowing up my timeline
Ijsfabriek met eljahcolaatje alieke28 en Celinaaaaaax ;D
Shit atleast the thief didn't steal my jumprope
If u havnt noticed by now im CUFFED BY : LPG_SrLoudpac and thts the way its gone be HAPPY :)
reeffun  you are the sweetest girl
Paul McCartney is releasing a new album next year!
Im gonna straight up piss my pants tomorrow when fear factor starts
Flying out tonight to Rome via Hong Kong with MitchLSee to meet up with my whole family.
miss_ajacks I'm working on it
The songs that I am learning for voice are Live out Loud from the Little Princess and There's a Fine, Fine Line from Avenue Q.
Te crees mujer solo por que usas brasier.
Exactly a month before I get my new phone !
Driving home for christmas
ejaburek Oh my gosh. You just made me realize that I do not have a single book to pack for my plane ride home!
My brother acts like an asshole I'll remember that attitude
So I'm eating lunch with my dad and he insists in cutting my food and feeding me!
michael_amal it was funny to think I could be apart of your life still after all this time
fuck coming home on the weekends.
Being attacked by casey & sam and not being able to laugh or yell
When your mum goes shopping 20 minutes before your mean't to be going out
Keep Christ in taXmas like his family did - going home to pay their taxes to ROME! That's why they're in Bethlehem to pay
My lecturer congratulated me on my exam mark. Positively beaming.
FaShioN_Is_Me DONT LET NOONE OR SOMETHING MESS UR WHOLE DAY UP!!!
this boy used to be cool as shit , now .... not so much .
Everyone is watching the Roast of Charlie Sheen and i'm stuck with Choti Si Zindagi. :(
I See Ma Skins Doing Good
Happiness is a lot like peeing yourself. Everyone can see it, but only you can feel its warmth.
Ihate wen my mom comes @ me in da morning.  Ididnt even get outa bed yet& shes  already complainin in my ear bout wat idid wrong.
La billeterie pour l'expo Tim Burton a ouvert.... des intéressés pour m'accompagner ?
Fuck me! Is there any worse feeling than over wipping your arse?
justinbieber you're incredible:) I will always be there for you! Thank you for all the love to us:) can't wait for Believe..PROUD <3 4
Drivers that swerve a lot in front of me make me so
SurveyMonkey Cool -- will send to support. (Think I got it, but would love to confirm). And P.S. -- congrats on acquiring Zoomerang!
First Varsity Game tomorrow!
Tulisa is spitting in the mic
Respect and Love are two most misunderstood and misinterpreted expressions in the world of communication.
Why is it not snowing in blackpool
I'm glad we had that conversation I guess. I'm gonna try not to be awkward about it, but its always gonna be on my mind. /:
CodyjNewkirk i have an idea of what you could send me when i send you the note!!!
davidfolske I don't even know what to expect from the finale!
It's cold AF, but there is still no snow!
I had the same card as the Gossip guy for sleepnomorenyc. I seriously can't wait for Saturday with jeffrubio
- my room looks brand new :)) eeppp . now ihave to call & get this over with nervous lol !!
Ready to get back on the court with my boys
RoLo_117 ah sorry, I thought I was rubbing it in that I got to stay at home in the warmth whilst u slaved away at college
“QUEENofSDS s/o to the bitchez who wait ALL YEAR LONG for income tax so they can get they shine on for a couple months!!! SAD”
bishopvillered ya it sucks cap seems like a cool dude but he's not an NHL coach. Weight was def not the ans for our pp
January's already shaping up to be huge . Trip to AR.  starting new photo projects. Using new models. New lighting techniques.
Feeling very warm & Christmassy watching The Muppets Christmas Movie. :)
Non egyptians in Tahrir specially females, feel like duplicating myself and becoming guard for each one.
If I know anything I know I'm gonna love my pops forever. This old geezer actually knows what he's talking about haha
fix you - coldplay
NW THE MARINOVICH PROJECT
Its 5:00 A.M And Niggas Is Thirsty
Can't wait to go to LoOoOo_22 's graduation.
stonedskull well I made the hooker scream..
Facebook is so slow annoyed =='
Hands down, Carol of the Bells is my favorite Christmas song.
Basketball team might be a
awhh he is taking me out to dinner this weekend in san pedro :3 Excited! <33
Doin_Da_Most me too and it's a marathon on today
Going to watch Shellfish212 play basketball with joey!!
Spriiinkle passiald No! All love here! He's the chocolate to my fountain(new)!
first day in over 6 months..depressing..imissyou.
Sooo i got a job offer! Filling out the application later :)
Esceulus 16... only once today though
Wtf this chic said she wish amber rose was her mom O_O
I like waking up early on weekend knowing that you can take a nap at any time if you get sleepy :) that's
justinbieber my biggest wish is..that you follow me back. You can make my dream true. Thank you for all the love to all beliebers :)
fuck, spent like 15mins to keep connecting to the internet. finally online, two of them have gone to sleep rage HakimmSmallboy iECSH
Hippie face tat with the hairs making a 3D beard?!!
Woman at work has NO IDEA what happened at Pearl Harbor.
Marshawn lynch was such a good midseason pick up...can't believe people dropped him <3
We have like 8 days of school left!!
I am so glad that I have not been in any drama in the MX industry that I've seen lately. I did the right thing by removing myself.
&Nd come monday.iont wanna hear 'oh i told yall zachary wus gone lose...' ole haten ass schoolmates.
justinbieber if i tell you that i can't stop see SantaClausIsCominToTown, what you will think about me? haha, i loved! PROUD 7
Everyone seems so happy lately. I hate that badtimes.
Crazy that a year ago today my father couldn't walk on his own. Now he doesn't even have a limp.
Mexican Nationals.
Good Guys never win!!!
WHY does twitter keep unfollowing people?!
Hooooow good will it be to be able to make my own clothes? Like dresses and skirts. Omg
Hart of Dixie <3
Planning out her Christmas gift <3
I HAD MORE THAN PEOPLE MY AGE, I HAD MY OWN PLACE, I HAVE A JOB, I HAVE A CAR, AND IM BIZNASS MINDED
1 month exactly until i turn 15
my tips are for guys trying way too hard to score a chick.....because supposedly a lot of people want to hear what i have to say
So it looks like my homeboy is so bored that he had a psychotic breakdown... sad...
AimeeGregs 18 days and it's all mine.
I'd be embarrassed to be a Gators fan. disappointing.
myfreedom33 thanks so much i love growing and managing my own business...
thankin GOD for all my days..im too
I'm finally going to do it after about a year
the one time i actually get up to go to hpr it's cancelled? frustrated. UWLproblems
Loves Saturday night tweeting.
Wish I had someone to chill with,
I can't take sitting here anymore .
I wish I can smack some sense into you and tell you how embarrassing your acting lol
So bored. Came back to early... No one is here :(
I finished all my homework and my revision for the exams
Born To Be Somebody es TT :)
Thank god todays over.
i've never been good at saving but knowing i now have over £500 in my bank has made me happy!
Bruh!!!!!!!!!!! I love good Music smh! My day has been good dude.
If it doesn't concern you stay out of it.
CamarenaFilm get to see you in a week!!!
Hi Nicole! Nicolady87 Nefer7yri Just took time to check in with my Lovelie GM family... noticed Austria news reports :(
JC is ripping it so hard with OHW! hahaha life is good ladies and gentlemen. life is good.
theory stresses me out way too much,
Party has been transferred to sydgreen206 chelseac7 EllieAWH house
lolbourbour people these days have no respect watsoever! Whats gonna become of us?...
And he just went down. COTTO WON! proud puertorican <3
You're not a jerk... you only broke my heart into a billion pieces... but it's okay,I forgive you...
Didn't expect apartment search in San Francisco to be THAT difficult
Which is worst? Havin ur dad seeing u naked or ur bro?
Ew this bitch smokes cigs
Its never a good idea to google your symptoms!
Up and getting ready to head out into shopping festivities with my mom And maybe bmcaten!
AlanaDanielle10 unfair going without me
Fast but such a good weekend :D
These are the nights I get headaches!!
Should I play you or not?
I realy love my One Direction CD <3 love.
Just drove by the hospital. Glad brianmackgohogs and KellyMackLady aren't there.
HeartMollieKing ya comp agree! Its an itv issue in general tho, they hav the longest ad breaks ever!
ECGREENE - Congrats on a big win over Miami.  Go OhioBobcats!  And we bought 3 pies for Thanksgiving - Pumpkin, Apple, & Pecan.
When you stop paying attention to someone, that's when they start noticing you.
My hamburger was gross...
When people on Twitter share facts and concern about Mullaperiyar, some Tamil friends tweets lies and hatred as
harrysteldt I get better service in the woods than at school
NaturallySalome gonna come back with some wicked fashion ideas
I was hoping for my Gronk jersey to be here by Sunday but that is probably not going to happen. Disappointed.
Wow... Nice tackle denver..
i love spilling drinks on my computer and then the space bar hardly works. gonna be fun writing my essays now
AmandaLynneee I dont want to chill! I want to fucking RAGE!
Blessed to see another day
Gonna take great pleasure in shaving my tash off!!
eclairebatts swing_the_BATT we didn't just miss santa, we missed a shooting star too
Last episode of True Blood
Glad my leg is better now and a great training session tonight :-)
Hope you feel better soon lu <3
.. now your just getting
finallyy withh my boyfriend !!!
I talked to a person that says they don't like sports...any sport. I don't know why, but ppl like that make me extremely nervous.
Today has to be better than yesterday. Let's aim for no fatalities on campus today.
JerryAlfandari there first team pinched there players
I'm really worried about my grades...I hope I pass them all so I can go to 91h grade : (
I hate waking up to neighbors doing yard work. So
YaaaaaaYyyyy!!! MissSA I wanted her to win :-D :'D happy.
Scrivens wins that game all by himself. Outshot 27-7 after 1st period?!
Why do all guys eat the same way? annoying. :D
dianebirch & than fly a.s.a.p. 2 Holland & give us an eartreat ParadisoAdam, missed u @ Bitterzoet cause it was freezing cold Sorrow!!!
That awkward moment when u run into a spiders web and u suddenly become a karate master ...
Trying to stay motivated and encouraged no matter wat this teacher says
My nail polish never lasts longer than a day without chipping.
......yuhr mother's kitchen floor, counter, table, etc
Anna___Riley hahaha ummm yes?! And I know
My Sunday night consists of hot chocolate, bailey's & a book. Apparently the only not watching the GreyCup or the Leafs game :)
Wee_Jas7 well can you come and tell my train driver pls still sitting on the fucking train at waverley!
Haven't ate all day
Relationships Are Like Fat People . Some Of Them Just Don't Work Out Like Straight Up .
Been listening to a lot of house music lately... Wtf is wrong with me!
Extraño desayunar pan francés en las mañanas
I hate ignorant people.
The GalaxyNote so wanted to be a new type of chocolate bar.. but instead another [non-edible] gadget.. disappointment!!
Sick to my stomach
I just got excited about an aflac duck thing in the parade.
the saddest part is it's the only shit i got to reqest we all do together . just once .
I miss you so much
Getting ready at IL Campanario hotel 4 swedishousemfia tonight in Floripa! Bumpin sum CalvinHarris to get the night started!
s/o to the APEGANG STIZZapegang good luck tonight !!
Blacking out every time I stand up tonight.
I would get stuck babysitting my 12 year old  brother tonight.
Family breakfast for my sweet little miracle's birthday...
Swamp People marathon with my Gramma and Papa. Good end to an awesome Thanksgiving. Love my family.
Thinkin my spot could b easily taken! sad !
Lmao this is funny niggas sayin this shit
Up Bright & Early!!! Getting Ready Then Off To Peaches & Cream With Shereene To Get My Hair & Make Up Done :) Excited!!!!!!!
Can't believe I'm not going to Jingle Ball
Great night last night, I can't wait for 6 to see my best friends Hazel and Tom in Coventry xD
There area code is here lol that explains y their number not saved! i can't stand people from here.
if youre not fast enough getting to an open computer, youre done
We're doing it tonight. With Sasquatch and Shirts On Shirts. Improv Rules iOWest - 10:30pm - DCT
Pacquiao vs. Marquez boxing match tmr excited awesome !
I remember I used to like him talking to me all cute and stuff, now I'm just like ew, stop it. You're a man whore, go away lol
Sparr76  mine are all done.
That didn't go as well as we thought it would.
hating on amelia lily !
Im scared.. thats it. i dont know how well this will go.. it bothers me.. i cant read you... ugh....
I wish someone would come be lazy with me!
Has any1 noticed the only person ANGRY while playing ANGRY BIRDS is you -_-
Smh to this girl in my class.
Trying to do this cop car poster for our video today :D
This nigga tyler farting on the bus and shit.....
my baby sister helps me through more than i even knew..
mackenziegobler we will be reunited soon
Lol let's just talk allll about our sex life all hour... Bitch, I don't want to hear about you having sex with your boyfriend.
I can't even post anything on Facebook anymore...
grhydian I guess this a good moment than Rhydian! >3
adam_visser5 bdouglasss clicker8393 CollinVervaras tomorrow would be treat time Thursday sad missit :(
.. i wish i had parents  .. all i have is friends .. more like (sisters) .! ...
Morning World!!! I hope everybody enjoys there day.... And remember treat ppl like you want to be treated
I woke up 1 hour form when I went to sleep!! Can go back back to sleep!!
I should have known better
Strategic management analysis is the worst course module I've ever had! Seriously considering a stiff drink after this one x_x
When she can never hangout without her friends <<<
Sometimes, I wonder why things happened to me? Then I wonder, what if they didn't happen to me? Would I be this strong?
I have four admission pages up and not one of them is working
someone do me a shoutout, need some more followers me
My gf is so goofy...
i wish that people weren't so mean
If you only knew..
I'm tooo tired to be up  
Last night, my wife told me that she did not acquire enough star coins to get to the last level of World 8 in Super Mario 3D Land.
ochocinco catching a long pass
DavidJHunt well played today! :D did not expect that result against oxford though!
Hit today by a bus driven by a buffalo, Chased him & gave him some love
Man I'm about to shit my pants
qnation mdole nikkiveen  I'm not following your progress....
I am not a fan of kaitlin mounteer. at all.
Double blow for man utd out of the champions league and vidic injured
Claire_SuchFun NatalieTW_nz AnkieTW_nz Girls u r adorable ily so much so happy right now for once in my i life feel like I belong.
Geobroum Unfortunately man, :S
dannynorman surely an intellectual man such as yourself should have seen it was just playing with the sentence structure
Busy day! :) Then realized that I forgot my phone and money.. :| Will find a way!
hates when hoes be hoes.
garrettmccarthy When are you coming and who are you bringing?
FINALLY have the new twitter
You can tweet but can't text back??
Yall late tweeters don't even kno what oomf means....  Sad....
This music app on this Droid Razr is practically useless and laggy as all hell.
If this girl questions me one more time about my beauty room....
When you're texting someone that takes 10 minutes to text back.
Thank you God
Da cutest tweet cud b so sweet like drops of lemon..BITTERSWEET
Cold weather always freezes my feet first
kristenedison where's a bathroom at? nervous haha
lmao watching the pistons vs cavaliers and the only player i know out there is that ugly nigga varajiao hahahah
Why did I never watch twilight before!
I love writing music
Realising you don't need certain people in your life ..is just such a good feeling
I Get To See My Aunt On Friday! :) I Haven't Seen Her Since March! Excited ! :)
All that just to fuck
Don't expect me to open up to you when you're trynna hide me from your friends..
Friday after next, I'll be taking my first college exam.
my last football banquet tonight.. this is gunna be
omg ew my mum got a blackberry last week and she just texted me with a thumbs up icon
Soirée en amoureux avec mon ro_omain d'amour :')
Could really eat my feelings about now, but I won't.
QUIT TEXTING ME hhaleyclearr I'm literally right by you
Y do people do that
ew, you're a gross slut. stop talking, you sound dumb.
Can't stop thinking about the razorback game..
i got apples from the farmer's market. they were delicious. now my mouth is full of allergenic doom-pain. fffffffff
snow on the allfireduptour & a christmas medley - TheSaturdays are sure makin it feel christmassy!
worst speech ever by tulisa
I don't fancy new phones with cutting-edge technology or whatsoever shit. My phone is still the damn bloody best of the best!
jlovettx oooh so am i actually! buzzing social lifes right there. where dya fancy? romantic date night!
Sinnita does my bean in
Sometimes you gotta grow a set and speak the truth... Even if it hurts
got an email from Kent uni... my heart nearly skipped at beat thinking it was an offer *sigh*
Stay classy, parallelsmac - seeing more adverts - their shameless promotion in paid software is shocking.
holy shit the guy on the bills just got left hanging so bad haha
& my love turns to hate
My mom honestly neveer stops complaining. She tells me to do something I do it then she starts on about something else and so on.
When my parents are in a hurry, I can't move fast enough. But when I'm in a hurry, they are so slow.
my dad is the best
Dang.. i just got called out lmbo
Fantasy team did the worst ever against the worst team BlakeHenderson3  i'm
it just me that has a brother who makes me sick with the soppy shit that he an his gf write on each others facebook wall
Being home is great and all.. until you have a sibling to fight with
Can't sleep. SO excited 2 be in Long Beach w/the fam in a few hours, visiting w/my sweet cousin who has been in Tonga for 2 yrs!
i miss my senior , junior n my friends.. next year there's no more senior for me..
words Islam & democracy have been mutated&officially lost their meaning,it is time for hypocrisy to cling to other pure ideologies
bengoldacre have a good trip and a great show....
Last night, kaylanawrocki introduced me to campfire sauce... My life isnt the same now.
Alright I am free to finally enjoy my thanksgiving!
Watching the 5th quarter:(
_CorrieDean embarrrrasssing. I had to read it twice to make sure he really just said that. sad.
Siiick. They all know the Cupid Shuffle too. This family surprises me haha
That's right people.  ONLY 25 DAYS UNTIL CHRISTMAS :-)
People that always complain
I envy creative people...a lot.
Getting my precious ukelele soon...<3 it
When I say I'm bout to harm in like 14 hours????
Dell_Holland lol the wait is the
Black & Yellow goodsong but Wiz Khalifa...
Getting ready to wish Happy Trails to my beautifully awesome dance partner, Gerald Avery. There are some people who are just... :)
Wow braun...im thoroughly
My grandfather just told me I'm going to like my christmas gift! i hope its not another cinderella paint set
Just realized I haven't tweeted today
Need to step my game up...
this song on my playlist jus made me drop my phone im goin to bed
Where's my boyfriend at?
No one will play cabela's big game hunter with me
ageejay12 YAY! We both got in to EmersonCollege! yayayay!
justinbieber u will never notice me :/
love when italian exchange comes. EmmaDrogosz get ready for study hall.
matthewcpinsent Lol!! Qualified 4 semis & only been rowing 6 months! Won @ Shrewsbury & aiming 4 Henley nxt yr!
Excited. Perhaps disproportionately... But not to me.
Rehursal tomorrow then christmas shows (; excited!
Ak vet goed aan Het leren
Just bought another pair of boots... Sorry bank account. sorryimnotsorry bliss #=]
He only comes over to play the game.
gnavratil thank youuu :) and I'm getting it really curly and styled ... I didn't want an up-do. Ahhhhh
frsho193 don't worry, I'll cut my hair just before coming to college. Hehehe.
Just got to know tht fish have taste buds too!My fish refused to eat veg tiny flour balls & went for the nonveg fish food! surprising :O
Getting someone to broadcast your url to get more followers
All hell about to break loose tomorrow morning!
affalewaffle um well... If i told you what i was doing im not sure you would believe me. I want to hang out but i have to be home soon
that awkward moment when your bestfriend makes an idiot out of herself and you can't get away.. carlley1
Siting outside with the family & chatting
Finished 6 kilo-meters!!! :D
James621123 Best bud in the world
um, i dont know who kim jong is.
CourtF2011 EpicTweets_ heck yes I am! I know exactly what you mean annoying!!!!
Our Internet is still down.
At work. There's nothing to do so I can listen to Tim documentary while getting double-pay.
Listening to chamcircuit and drinking sparkling water out of my butterbeer cup while doing ap gov homework!
Don't even wanna b here
This dude in hear talking bout football but don't know shit
Sorry for tweeting random people... Things happen when u has an iPhone
thecarterjr you are so right but dont come out like that on December 3rd or you will be
I feel like I'm being avoided.
LIME_Jamaica so credit is not the issue, i dont knw whats gonna on here
Awwwh UGANDA I seeeeeeee YOU!! We getting closer---»
What do you do when a close friend lets you down when you need them the most - as in - when you are bed-ridden and need help?
i already cant wait until next week!  
Tired of trying... apparently I'm not good enough for you...
At Premier Inn, no cardboard cut out of Lenny Henry
This sprite snowball blast slurpee is freakin awesome!!
Happiness means being finished with marking and invigilation:) Hello life! Let us see what you hold in store for me...
I hate when you can feel a booger but can't find it.
My sister had the chance to get a coach wallet from rob the neighbor. And she wanted a blanket insted
Not long now!
Mariahlynshaw frickinabox Mariah likes baby arms and rats feet
U sittin around 4 a niqqa 2 leave his gf wife or bm u steady tryna cause problemz 4 dem.bt he still fukin u & u still juz a
Had a Mexican and a black lady fight over the register to ask me my order
just saw a Harry potter commercial
Follow your heart, you don't know where it may take you. <3
Julian240Gmz Yes , she was awesome . She was gorgeous as always ! Wait till you see it !
Whaaat a lovely evening..
erinmurphxox JennaCronin today my day was not made.
Alarm,snooze,alarm,snooze,wife yells,wake kids,pic out clothes from 1990's,shower,school,traffic,work,get dinner,denied sex,repeat.
Why did I find out that the tagging at liberty was done by somebody that goes to liberty
I frkn HATE how my brother drinks water or any liquid of some sort -___- sh*ts annoying af ! >,<
Brad_Entwistle went to bball practice today and it kicked my ass. I'm so out of shape. Ps hung up the tennis plaque without you
Matt8pie so am I ! When are they gonna make a mistake!
Literally saw a million cars with trees on top on my way to work. Made me sad I'm not home for another week.
My tweets keep deleting themselves.
s/o 2 mama 4 da
Christmas music on my way home!!!
Sisters taking we permit test...
Don't get me wrong though, Colts will always be my team! Even if they never win again.
hot chocolate and milky bar buttons whilst watching I'm a celebrity
Omg!!! Cx This cannot happen!!! Ahhhh! Please happen todayy :)) excited :))
All I want for Christmas is YOUUUU Babbyyyyyyy <3
I love the holidays. Especially being with my family and my close friends
So is it final already? CP3 will be joining the purple and gold team?
The condition in which the tongue works faster than the mind
I'm only going out because I need a Starbucks RIGHT NOW.
Well today wasn't as good as I thought it'd be
I hate having a runny nose.
the girls laugh from ridiculousness makes me want to stab my self
SeeJay100DEMTWO haha u already know what it is my bruddah
Yes snow! Should be good for tomorrow hopefully goin to afton
Niggas b give'n Up On They Blessings For the comfortability of ppl who dnt give a fucc about em I'm glad I dnt have that trait
Got a long drive tomorrow!!
People in this school cannot walk.omg
arieshamone Hi, sweetie!!!!!!!! <333333333333..... I'm listening to music. You? I miss you too!!! Kisses and huuuuugs!!!!
Sister just told the guy helping us at chuck e cheese that I was single.
shoutout to all the people out here in twitterworld who follow ppl just so that they can gain followers . But unfollow everyone.
im ready for the junior showchoir clinic!
Oh god... You're *
Another beastin shift ahead of me tomorrow.
NegoTrue not enough money for silencers then.
If you say you are 100% real...why don't you say it to my face..?
You just don't know what you do to me. :)
I love my brother he's the sweetest guy ever yet noone seems to appreciate that.
and so begins the depressing month of december.
Why can't I finish this dbq?!
New big time rush episode
Officially calling it a day.
When people steal your facebook status
You can push a person so far until they break..
DontEvenAsk if U cn use my gym shorts.. i DONT want ur ball sweat n my shorts
Izzieemcqueen has got so bored she is now putting coat hangers on her head, slightly
My room is so warm and smells so good. bliss :)
i feel bad for all d bbm smileys.d fact dat dey knw dey neva gonna grow hair.
“AuthenticRoland Niggas be thirsty on twitter. Just to.get some pussy smh sad”
DanAgamz  LO BASICO xD  DE LA  CASA PA LA U DE LA U PAL JOBB DEL JOB PA LA  MESA DE DIBUJO Y ASI ES MI CICLO
Females no they do silly shit to keep a nigga
They say loving you gives pains and full of sacrifices  But I'll rather take pains and lots of sacrifices than not to be love by you.
dan7dixon sorry haha!! I will monitor your twitter progress!
just lost a ton of respect for ya.
Tip he a classic gentleman. He must be giving it out of his tips..look at that af man.
So glad I'm not working that gingerbread opening til 7 my whole families there right now.
Can anybody tell me why im lonely like a satellite.
“Rachael_kenny: Back in jamas with a brew homesweethome”  wish i was bitch! Coll till 8
One of my eyes should just be considered a waterfall right now.
Twitter, dont turn into facebook with these layout changes
these niggas worser than a funeral
is this staring again? crying my self to sleep? I miss my brother so much. i wish my family can go back to what it use to be like.
Awh, you're seriously the cutest kid ever :)
Just talked to the manager at sonic, he told me to be there at 9 tomorrow morning to talk to him.
I'm so excited for after school. Me and my dad are going car shopping!!! ^_^
I hate when people change the channel when you get into the show.
SkyAlyssa gonna wear a pink tux to the prom!!
EmmaHaarris HayliAlea can you stop talking to my family and come upstairs
She ain't going no where :)
Hate when you lay down in bed and get all cozy then you have to get up to pee
Holy cow, it blows my mind that one person could tell SO many lies. You make up for the rest of the honest world
i just LOVE getting dirty looks in the library.
waking up from the best dream ever!
Watching oldschool for the first time! excited!! Xxx
tsijohn21 gas. walk. cold. outside. four easy ways to describe unhappiness.
I had a fish finger sandwich for dinner...
NOT in a good mood. I swear people are getting on my LAST nerve today...
Can you shut the fuck up already damn! You just keep going and going!
ALL GITS ARE THE EXACT SAME
fuck yeah drunk decorating!
djderoche i willll but central firsttt
My B-day is Sunday! Party starts manana!!
But no more Harry Potters though?
You're soo full of it.
fuck dreaming im sick of it.
I hate xbox updates
“TheGemini_Queen “GeminiSignz Gemini is my identity. Proud””
I dont understand how people could eat a McRib
ssthedude just tryna have a conversationn
i'm thankful for my crazy family, my Tj, brittleewil, LoLolley, lillolley, my job, my apt, and my God!
is about to lose it with Outlook.
My friends always make me feel betterrr
Jersey Shore and The Game is back in January. Excited.
Top day at Yr 6 graduation. son grabs English prize and and has 'em rolling in the aisles with his captain's farewell speech.
omd i jus saw Goldie dance again on tv with my parents
Why do certain girls always post pics of themselves on a daily bases?
stuck at bowser's castle in world 8 on ds..
I love my life right now clearly some of u hoes don't
Im going to get my braces . Yay .. # nervous & anxious .
.wish he fweakin call aleady !
Getting older, I'm starting to see people who are fake and obsessed with fitting in...
“ItsMe_NattyD: ThingsThatNeedToEnd people acting like they are better than others. annoying”
But like, we really fucking suck...I'm fitna turn off the espn notifications I got on my phone...depressing!
so glad my momma raised to be a clean girl.
Congrats to my lil bro and the 7th grade bball team for making it to the championship tomorrow! Stratford vs Jay!
Starting Hair School Soon EXCITED :):):)
No numbing medicine in my ear all day.. But it's still
my thanksgiving bout to me popping
Friday needs to hurry its slow butt up.
I hate how I can't see who retweets me !
TheCraigMcLeod Haha I know what you mean.
my mind wants to explode right now
hoy por alguna extraña razon me siento Lonely :S
My fate is sealed. Short hair.
Do they have to review every play when they score in the NFL??? annoying!!
Kids who chase pigeons so they fly in your face while I'm shopping need to stay out my way!
Falling asleep with i52man  then waking up to him snoring in my ear
Eating hula hoops on the train.
kfleye TheLaurAnAdell BWesleySmith Dillanoise almost in tears thinking about how blessed I am to have ya'll in my life.
mariimarielle dang that doesn't change the fact that you're hurt.
Omg my sister is about to be 30 my heart is beating so fast
I can't get the free credit score song out of my head.. i'm about to jump off a cliff.
i pray for you more than i pray for myself
ali_poff the K makes me
I got the hiccups and they won't go away
Just tried that new yellow Nuvo
el único hombre en mi vida es Baldor...
A thousand people may leave you, but God never will.
Happy Thanksgiving To Everyone Enjoy With Your Family Be Thankful You Have  People To Celebrate With And Food To Eat!
down to nine players
Made In Chelsea season ending party
jennbuckley caitreed Last Wawa stop before leaving LBI.
i HAAAATE when i cant find the clicker in my bed.
No hangover no drunken texts no bruises and good films on a Sunday led in my comfy bed :)
YESSSSSSS! MY DAD MIGHT BE COMING TO VISIT TORONTO SOON!!!
GingerDave420 SmellyElle69 “MensHumor: Its that time of year to get drunk with old friends and destroy Christmas lawn ornaments.”
Noooo te vi hoy :(
katiejerkovich omg are you fucking kidding me?
Just casually fell over on the bus
CharliePride78 Keep the faith, this bunch of players have spunk. They will turn it around.
NO, THAT'S OK. TRY AND TALK TO ME FROM WAY THE FUCK OVER THERE LIKE I CAN HEAR YOU. YOU DUMB MOTHER FUCKER.
Just enjoyed a pork, stuffing and apple sauce bagget with a chunk of crackling
Stop sending them Viruses around!!
Santa is bringing me 4 Star Wars shirts for christmas!
S/O to my new followers!!! Mention me for a follow back!!!
blairbertram highlights, feeling like its a mistake
You know it's a bad fall when the NYC taxi driver asks you if your okay....
crazeeguy Erm.... Assuming lots of glitter, lip gloss,  pop and sweets also doing the rounds.... Eeeeww worried!!!!
No Facebook for the umpteenth time, my Page does NOT represents a local business with a street location.
Finally been able to listen to music as my headphones arrived yesterday!
It's UAAP Women's Volleyball season next week!
JasminAlvarez1 u're amazing Jasmin,i'm happy that u're dream finally came tue! u deserve it! By the way ; u're an AMAZING singer !
Ahh, I'm wondering what's happening.
When you're on your way to work and you hit every single red light.
SAT 2 in a while :S
I hate when one side of my nose is more stuffed up then the other.
All im doing later is watching drakestopher 's live stream
I be feelin sad for allll them Hispanic imigrants that be standin outside the gas station lookin for a job. And it be like 50 of em .
I'll have a new demo up for listening this evening, the second track in my next project entitled 'Technoid'. Full info coming soon
I can't stop smiling
Happy Veterans Day! Thank y'all!
i hate when people take 6 years to answer a text....
my mom has such a happy fake voice on the phone, then gets off it and starts bitching again
desi ghee paratha with shami kabab, mango and garlic achaar, wahed down with tea, all home made
No one believes in me like he does....the Lord is my biggest cheerleader.
B33nD3reD0N3dAT. Thanks for the followback.   peace and love !!!!!!
The way Lion King isn't in cinenas anymore
«LovinTayNSemaja «iKeepItTooReal Baby showers are the new weddings. ... Sad»»
justinbieber mg, I love your new music video! Its amazing! And Mistletoe its number one on MTV! So happy for you proud 15
Motherfuck - how the hell does that bastard get so fucking lucky EVERY damn game??? JFC... UGH
AmyHurst_ see I was sorta right ;) and yeah been alright apart from working all day depressing! :L X
Dang I got 2 get 0n a plane next thursday worried =\
atm I'd rather stay here for 3 weeks than go back to sarn
This has been one of the best evenings in a long time. Wouldn't trade it for anything
Some people treat twitter like their diary.
New Year Radio Times has arrived with Benedict and Martin on the cover
Haven't laughed so much for ages......this is real good Joe__Mangan EllisDiCaprio
Rekindling my addiction to hot cheetos
was amazing to meet my nephews and sisters for the first time in ages!
Managed to get out of bed even though I'm still so tired
...and he keeps making me smile!
Running away for the weekend with my best friend ChelseaaaaAmber might not come back  excited!!!
How can I remove the ads on UberSocial? annoying!
one more weekkk ahhh
The military heroes awards are so emotional! Especially when you're sat watching it with someone in the army!
CrazyyKaceyy07  itss okay ! I lovee you (:  realtalk  happy  (:
iPhone you are making me mad! Stop malfunctioning!
Another sub? Mr stone where'd you go :((
Imagine the Bipasha Bassu's & Konkona sen Sharma's we would have HAD if East Pakistan was still with us.
One thing I wouldn't miss bout bbm - broadcast messages.
I have raised £37.29 from doing a sponsored silence
A month from now christmas will be over with. Lots to look forward to next yearrr :)
Damn niggas dont know how to shut the fuck up
Someone please put a blunt in my mouth and light it...then I'd be
2012 looks AMAZING already!
Extraño mi casa, mi nevera, mi cama, mi gato, mi perro, mi familia.
so my pad just flung out my bag..right onto the table...talk about
sitting around mom's kitchen table w bill_of_lading and his wonderful significant other, drinking coffee, talking & laughing.
SCHATmypantZ some how I knew you would be the one to tweet back
If you still us the phrase 'Your Mom' your a
Getting ready to rehearse with kennaniahmusic for his concert!
Birthday is in 1 hour & 44 minutes.
Shopping! Then headed to the Lou for a night of FUN :) happy p_dawsonn trey4moore
A smile is an expensive way to change your looks
Today was the definition of great movie day..step brothers, kicking and screaming, pineapple express, now ELF
jjjasia I certainly wont ^_^ X-mas shopping and café-going for me today! :)
rick245 coke advert and home alone... Must be Christmas soon!
I swear, at approx 7pm everynight I get a headache.
No car and years of over protective parents have caused me to become severely socially handicapped as a young adult.
I charge peoples credit cards for a living. It feels so damn good
Rest in Peace Ilya Zhitomirskiy! My condolences to Ilya's family, friends and diaspora community... Tragic! joindiaspora -
Getting my car washed!!! It is a filthy mess....
Came home to a empty house : )
can it be morning yet??
Let get these two harts beating faster!
Until Now Only 5 Sabat Today .. I Did IT!!!!!
Oh myy, malam nih dah start tusyen.
There is a band in the amphitheater playing Christmas music! Ahhh
They have that REAL, unconditional,
I'm in Columbia at Life Centers Toys For Tots Concert!!!!!!!!!! And I see all my family and friends
i hate talking to drunk people sometimes, honestly .. it's lk it's so hard for them to understand things
Can't believe that Sophiabush tweets me. She's my inspiration, my idol, waw. happy <3
Listening to Jesus Cultures new CD..
Up early cause I can't wait lol
I def thought Thanksgiving was this week for some reason...
I love Herman Hernandez
can't wait for the double date with Becca and Mike and my boyfriend :)
I-pad gekregen net in een x van opa
90 minutes !!
I just really love when my dad leaves the toilet seat up in MY bathroom
Amazing group training sesh on the beach and swim nowww class yeww :)
I hate sacramento, but I'm rather happy to be going tomorrow
This is the 3rd floor. We hard core. If youre gonna talk, 2nd floor is for you.
Congrats!“matthewhassey: Free at last, free at last. Today is my last day at Bank of America. Starting at PrimeLending Monday!!! excited”
nnennskii congrats on being done! Im.jealous.girl! See you soon ayyee.
If I didn't have a Mac, I swear I would've thrown this laptop. The internet connection these days have been sooooo retarded!!!
saashafierce1 oh shit you ok?
Ready for that Fabolous - There Is No Competition 3 (Death Comes In 3's)
Jaull24 Especially when your sittin in the library during dead weak and everybody is there
That one person your follwing that seems to hate EVERYTHING!
hay_smith5 Sam_edwards5 My next project will have to wait for me to finish medschool, so I can clean up your face.
Think I'm settled on the apt.
i hate this road! always so much traffic!
don't know what I'd do without robyn_prince and MONinthemirror
thetanmay and you call yourself a comedian.
I absolutely hate when people brag about stuff.
I really want to just sleep... 
Listening to music and reading BethanyGaleotti's blog. It actually entertains me which is very hard to do :)
I can't believe the Giants
Don't know what to do
I love WWE it's so exited
Ihate talking about my future with my parents. Someone always gets mad. :/
norway-france soon!
Just came back from taking pictures
Just got off the sybaris website..................EXCITEMENT!!
Também não to me sentindo muito bem...
Drake's Take Care will be blasting on my radio in my car all day tomorrow, thanks to my love!
Bridewars and cuddle time in bed with my amazing girlfriend
Going to see MrPeterAndre next year!! excited :D
BEAMIN2FLASHY ITSJUSTIFIED THAT MEANS ALOT TO ME BRO!! PRECIATE DAT!!!
~My Brother Is 19 Years Old And Don't Know How To Cook Rice. . .
Im looking for something that's runnin from me
I KNOW MY REDEEMER LIVES!!!.
KMNehring I feel like when I see u when ur home its for like 5 minutes then I never see you again...
Haydn792 I have a couple of weeks left to do mine but I'm supposed to hand like, 50 drafts in! :L I really do hate referencing!
Really proving to myself sometimes it's bad to hold in frustration. Amazed at how much anger I'm feeling from some retarded comments.
I miss MTVteenwolf more then anything :'(
Ahh, smells like money outside today!
tyler_green1 _connor_mcniel bbryan12795 yeah I heard about that. How
Who, being loved, is poor? Oscar Wilde
onelifetolive what the hell??? mathew dies on thanksgiving. ohh my eyes are sweaty...  teardrops...
i love nights like these. :)
can't wait to put up our christmas tree tonight!
Finally it's all back to the way it was now :)
Stop tweeting about how you hate your unfollowers. They unfollowed you, they can't see your tweets about them & nobody else cares
There's absolutely nothing to eat at my house. I keep looking in my fridge when there's nothing.
chilling with all my venezuelan friends tomorrow night at Lenox Grill
Walked out of my dorm and Christmas music is playing
If there's one thing I like more than even my beloved camera, it's the first cup of tea in the morning!
Getting your ID taken at one bar, sneaking in the next and getting caught.
Happy Veteran's Day to the brave men and women who have and are still fighting for our freedom. proud <3
-_____- why did it stop raining?
Can't wait for my new BlackBerry Bold 9900 to arrive!
I Wont A Girl :(  Sad !
People are annoying an stupid
love getting ideas for christmas gifts
TkSmink13 hashtagging!!!! Learned from the best
I'm going to stand up for my beliefs whether you like it or not.
Found my twiter name again
I know me and shelbyheartsCS will probably do something crazy for CodySimpson show when he comes to Michigan I'm very
“Jess_McLellan11: It's been an emotional day.” X100 for me
jkirkland1977 ahh thankyou I do hate all these fakes!!!! X
So sick of watching guys treat girls like this, and girls letting them. Sad:\
could do without all these sirens going by.
quit asking me questions please
danivillella I'm right there with you...
Jesus can resurrect and accomplish miracles but he's not able to recharge my sad and needy postepay. :(
justinbieber jamming to UnderTheMistletoe best album ever! You deserve 1 :) proud 11
It. Is. Another. Lovely. Day.  
wot happened to the thunderstorm?
The long weekend starts!
OfficialRossi make sure u have plenty of sausages.
Swear to God my dad likes to start shit.
Worst 3rd period hockey I have seen from the NHL_Oilers all season. Disappointing after spending money on tix for our anniversary sad!
Right back at you Doug Ford: are you willing to give up a little bit of funding for children? Don't try to scapegoat TEA!
So here goes nothing no more kids ever again
I go to my friends room. Open one of the doors on his entertainment center and there's a sex toy.
no school tomorrow means thursday is the new friday
ChelseaRudwick yes yes sounds perfect to mee!! This excites me. Also Xmas is 6 weeks today
I may mention it a lot, but that is because Glee is my, not so guilty, guilty pleasure. It provides 40 mins of joy per week
dbtraveller echofon it's been bad for a couple of days. Using official twitter apps on both iThings which I don't like.
Playing Pokemon Battle Revolution!
Big up my fam and all my cousins
My mom reimbursed me $100 :D
I hate the sound of a fiddle
Ok fret session over...indomitable will restored! Thank you twitter friends.
Steph_Roberts18 Mmmmm i cant
9/11 Christmas party in toys r us in the city<3
My aunty is the best I love her so much....
One year today with my gf
hmmmm lo de nataliewood but i am not surprised!
I just broke down my shy wall pretty much completely. What i just did takes guts. proud.
Leviticus 19:18 Don't vengeance or bear a grudge against the sons of your own people, but you shall love your neighbor as yourself
Why make an appointment if you're just going to make me wait anyways. annoying.
I know things get hard but girl you got it girl you got it there you go, cant you tell by how they lookin' at you every where you go?
I wish this dog wuld stop whining tho. Smh
Long day of shopping with my daddy is just what I needed
He came from a tiny town in Canada & now he's in this big world, nominated for a Grammy. justinbieber you deserve it! proud.
I think too much and then put myself in a bad mood.
Tomorrow cant come fast enough! Excited.
Got a job working sunday afternoons!
Nthn is ever comparable to back home..
Bitches Hop Right On The Dick When A Nigga Dead Or In Jail
GrahamJohnston9 okay you have been talking about this puppy and haven't even posted a picture yet?
Watching paranormal activity 3.
fat girls taken these really ugly fat pictures half naked..
justinbieber OMG you follow 119.000 people! but u don't follow me :'(
cant stop thinking about this one thing, so Sad :(
Going to my beats today!
Lookin back on my life as my birthday tiptoes in. Damn I've grown & still kept my childish innocence. Thank u GOD 4 makin me who I AM
DaddyPhilly sucks not having a gym partner anymore
Some of my followers are starting to take the bold step and unprotect their tweets!! Proud!!
OMFG!!! Why can't I just erase you out of my mind!!!
trip to scotland, seeing iona barr tomorrow
Orderin my bball shoes today :) excited !
nickcarter You were incredible on Dr. Phil! Such an inspiration! You're a beautiful person inside and out!!
When you are expecting something good but then ironically something amazingly unexpected happens! Excited!
Wow its friday already
You see potential in all my flaws
Turned the TV on this morning and challenge was on and it was WalkinshawAlex on Take it or Leave it!! Double Alex this morning HAPPY <3
K_BombDotCom have you seen toddlers with tiaras? So is that
Diet starts in 2 weeks!
Totes ready for some high quality best friend time with _chelCleigh excited 2days2long haha
Booty mix this morning on Power 96 ... Brings back some funny memories ..
Grad school bound in a few weeks!!
I guess I'll just sleep this pain off.
Just 45 more minutes.. I need to get the hell out of this car!
My wish for 11-11-11 is that justinbieber is gonna follow me! i hope it's gonna happend! =) than you make my LIFE ! ILOVEYOU PROUD 5
Headed out to go get the new do... Hope I like it....
KodyOPeterson u should of seen jewbosch lifting! Gettin off to Chanukah songs!
This kids got me tripping though. Fuck this shit.
I'm in the waiting room now...
way to show you fucking love me . and if you're on something it isn't a fucking excuse .
And once again I fall into the same pattern that I said I wouldn't go back to
Watching Beauty and the Beast: Enchanted Christmas<3
Just beat mr kruger in fifa!
Excited to only have a 2 HR commute to work today!
Harris Teeter opens on Wednesday!!!!
I congratulate while you niggas hate
goin on 3 weeks
ShannanLyons yes please bbm me. I am so frickin bored & mum has just abandoned me to go for a smoke :'(
babbit_janeway it's all decided next week when I know how much money I'll get for the last 3 months,then I decide which one I get!
I Guess Me And Sha Will Be Spending Thanksgiving Together Again This Year
Pampas-amazing Brazilian food
damn i fucked up with her, gotta fix things tomorrow.
I can't seem to get past 365 followers!
I hate first block.
My roommates bf snoring...makes me wanna stick a sock in his mouth lol but im jealous cause she has her bf w/ her & i dnt have mines =(
Spent morning cleaning.. Boring. Daughter laid wreath on behalf of Guides at remembrance service
steak tacos and pepsi.
first artist/producer now signed to the label... more news 2 come! shes working on completing what could become a worldwide smash!
going to sleep; big day tommorow(:
Isn't the fierce lobbying by LSU fans against a rematch sufficient evidence that a rematch MUST happen?
Need something to do...out at my dads and bored as tuck
Christmas party tonight Roar youth group
O M F G !!!!!!!!!!!! Irritated !!!! -_-
Hates it when you get comfy in bed and youu have to pee! annoying!
taylorswift13 on the AMA's and profiled on 60 minutes tonight, excited loveher (y)
Just realized that my children will never know the excitement of pushing a vcr tape into a vhs player...
I hate when FreddyAmazin retweets the FAKE Taylor Swift ..  annoying .
That Awkward Moment When iWas Gonna Give Itsalondruhhh A Lap Dance But iForget Ochoa678 && Ricky Were Their . -_- Embarrassing !
I will not talk bad about my ex... But I will wish him the best with his ex but I'm hearing he has nothin good to say to about me...
guess ima gonna go ahead and start typing this paper .... Misery ,
Second to last night sleeping here
Hate it when you go to buy something and it's not in your size
FallOutGrrrrl Yay! I missed you doc. I'm so glad you're back and proud you followed me :)
I really hope my mom likes him...
I mean at least I can say I'm not an ole miss fan
Just lovin my boy! :) Happy! :D
Y is erbody in a depressin mood?! Omg cheer the fuk up..u alive aint chu?! Ugh lbs!
Sitting to apply for an I'd should not take this long!!
nommm best icecream sundae ever
When ur open and willing to love then and only then will u find
justinbieber_im You are very AMAZING :O ! Girl saying Fans don't believe that u are real but u still strong ! I admire you much *-*
Mehh why are things always so complicated?
I wanna be in love =/
Slept in, got up & put on Michael Buble's Christmas album. Now I'm doing NOTHING
_TammyIbiza21 Sounds good bestie, gonna say to Ryan later aswell,
When a backward nation such as Iran is so far ahead of us in terms of technology. We must ask what on earth is wrong with us.
Honestly, my friends are the shit. I've limited myself to only the real people, and I'm thankful. muchlove <3
LOL THE BOMBERS SUCK MAN. Talk about
Beyond happy it's Friday :) gonna be a good weekend! excited!
thenikross_show Nikki! C u Sunday!
Good things come to those who wait
Im going to fucking hit you, you fat fuck.
chewing gum getting stuck to my tongue bar.
Love my swimmers! Ya'll left it all in the pool! Couldn't be prouder. Seniors will be missed!
sarahlf9718 the kid is so strange.. he's texting himself off my phone.. he's
Two more days of this high school life.
Mn lesje ging zooo goed, en mentor was super positief. happy!
His mercies are NEW every morning!!!
de vier basic tissue's kennel
If it wasn't for my side hustles I would be dead broke....
Dont feel good at all
DRAMA! like seriously grow up.instead of sitting around making other peoples lifes worse how bout you go get a life!!!
birthday and christmas countdown: Birthday: 17 days Christmas: 20 days Excited!!!!!
Some people are just SO PATHETIC!!!!
We're all caught up on the game and I am currently already hoarse. :) HAPPINESS!
18 Tomorrow :D!
We don't even havee anymoree lucky charms
Thinking about my next tattoooooo
Spending time with my baby is just what i needed. thankful.
Gonna punch the clock in joe living room threw the wall!!!!!!
Feeling so loved atm .... Jk not at all
will someone please buy me a pet for christmas? lonely :(
anyone else have had any problems with their iPhone home button not working?
May God Bless them whom Seek His Face N t/Upper Room, Spreading His Light N Love:  worldprayr itsKimmD smaxbrown Elosify patinanni
I missed you good mood, glad to have you back
You seriously think that of me??  blind open your eyes because I'm more than you give me credit for
* can't wait for my moms birthday is gonna be a movie !
Wish I could sit back and enjoy the weekend, but I have a 10 Page research paper due monday morning at 8AM.
i wish TTLYTEALA would just tweet me thats ill im asking for but she never will!
Imma start charging ppl for watching me so hard n minding MY business, go do something wit ya self try reading a fuckin book..smfh..
Greenbay is playing terrible
daniel_cooke68 andre_creek haha the pharmacy already knows what's going down tonight
This world is full of Followers
The one night ill actually be able to sleep this week, and I can't.
awwwww <3 “rezzberry072110: Can't wait til shad comes home...he will make me feel better just by his presence love”
Waking up from a 4 hour nap to no text messages<<<<<<hurt haha
Sometimes, you really make me question how you actually feel.
he mines and im his...it doesnt matter what i did...he only see's me for who i am
russmaloney ha, I'm no better or worse off than most women my age. It's just that this is the beginning of the end.
A tribute to ryan dunn
just passed my permit test!
Might be getting a flat
Im sick of apologizing for something repeatedly. How many times do I have to say I am sorry....?
Guess who's in town today! exciting qualityhunters
Rainy and nasty outside ...but sunshine in my soul :)
hung out with my family today
Just another day..makin another dollar :) gotta do what I gotta do :)
Lovely afternoon walk in nice & cool dubai
rihanna's new album is amazing!!
loving life . so happy i've moved on . feeling so much better . <3
Don't act like u care about him while u hook up with three other guys on the side
RussLynch31 there's bn a special delivery excited!
This is the first year I think I've ever not been able to see my family for Thanksgiving depressed :(
I'm about to kill this math.
Still haven't watched twilight
I wish there was one person in this stupid town that I could stand.
Ready to watch teen mom 2 2nite
Rollin with Ed_TheKid going to pick up my brooooo _vivant, haven't seen her FOREVER!
I thank You Lord for all these gifts-- my family's health and safety and our life's countless blessings! I love You very much!
Demi and Ashton are getting divorced :(
CAN U SHUT UP
This bitch hasn't taken a shower in 9days and have sex everyday and put on clean clothes bitch you are beyond
ChloRuth okay wow now i wont be able to sleep buzzin for tomoz haha <3 excited <3
i fucking love our boys so much!
Good morning! Change of look later.
cars fixed, im getin bangin grades, family is gona be together tonight, i have great friends and an amazing gf
Don't make plans with someone unless your going to keep those plans
Be happy with what you have.. Even if it isn't enough for it could be worse..
I cleaned my whole room today bc of how much you complain.. Yet I get nothing in return. Treat me how you did six months ago.
Spent the whole day grading business reports. Not a single blooper.
band_geak92 I miss you all the time! I am looking forward to coming to Lexington to see you and AmandaRCElam :))
25 days 'till Christmas<3
It gets harder and harder to be independent
MY HEAD WEIGHS 9.4 LBS
I just want to come home after school and sleep, but I fucking work......AGAIN!
I don't even enjoy sleep anymore
i love watching kids.. just not my brother
Well. Supposed to take my permit test for the first time today. Now will that happen? Probably not.
Head of rollers? Can only mean 1 thing... Drinkies with the girls tonight!
In Los Angeles the FirstQuestionsAsked is, So, What do you do?
Paula_Stofcho cheer up Paula! I want nothing but smiles from you! Happy :)
I turned on the game against my better judgement and it's just making my head 50x worse. FRUSTRATION.
So I thought I lost my phone after 1st period, turns out I left it under a stack of papers on my table. Hehe.
His hands aren't green!
people who don't just admit that they are wrong and move on
I have so many clouthes that say dance on them. It's going to be so hard not to wear any of them anymore....
I need someone to play with lol
I love JaneLeeves and WeLuvWendie married! Its so cute!
I'm sooooo ready to eat!!!
Volgend weekend A'dam EIN-DE-LIJK
What a wonderful day. Why can't I just live here now?
The conversation me & my bae had last night .
Ooh I missed that sweet sweet voice!
Legendinbed is back on ps3 and is about to fuck shit up
Long conversations in rocking chairs. Barefoot. The weather is lovely.
nessa1301 still never got your text from the other day...
I'm thinking if I'll drive going to the mall or commute nlng.
Hate being stuck in traffic and with no gas....
heathero14 MindyCuiksa Hope you beauties have a lovely day tomorrow with your families.
Snuggling with this little princess  
She really be holding it down for me. One
Snuggles on the sofa with Danny_Price
Important talk with my mom later...
I know u dont want to be remembered as the jealous little girl who was a fake & couldn't stand seeing other girls happy.
So glad I found him.
TaylormadeAuman best friend EVER. Thought I'd remind you !
I watched this movie so many times and I'm never gonna get sick of it
Goodnight sweet people!
Chillin like good wine. Today so smooth.
Hate when people go overboard or want something from you, but snake you later
waiting waiting waiting for Duran Duran tix to come on sale
i dont like this rain anymore.
Why do i cry for no reason? Its so annoying!
i miss simon!! american idol is going nearer and nearer.. january 2012. AMERICAN IDOL SEASON 11. excited, Ü
- Groupie's Bringing up My name , tells not to Givee a fuCk ! Let my juss keep my side comments to myself  Irritated .
jordan_wipf  i was just going to tweet that.
going for a run to try and relieve some of this stress.
I'd say it's been a pretty successful day.
The justin bieber movie makes every problem better love crushin justinbieber
Is it just me or no one seems to know what to study for tmrw's test?
Whew me nd my bae all good now
SCUBAISTHENAME not yet. Perform in my 1st one next week.
bored in class... Somebody talk to me...
Mñana de dibujo... happiness :D
Hahaha man I just saw LiddohCookiiee tumblr post about me. I feel ACCOMPLISHED in life just knowing I can do so much for one person.
Ik hou echt van de symphonica dvd van nick & simon!
Haven't left my bed since returning to provo. Blahhh
only a few days more and i will be with you :)
Omg this ravioli is delicious
People need to pick up their feet when they walk
She is a grown ass woman... She is about to be 40... I trust she would know if she knows if she feels well or not -_-
syd_malizia i saw a cute guy at walmart.. wlkedwithhismom holdingherhand disappointed!
Well...i made it to york! Stacy is toughing it out!
cast list comes out today, i think...
You ever on the precipice of sending a Good morning text and are like uuuuugh wtf do I like her so much and not send it!?
I mean I'm just trying to eat healthy so I don't get sick from no sleep and living in Hodges.
i hate where this game is going...
On my way to see CodySimpson excited !!!!
It smell like some good ass cookin up n dis house ! Thankful :)
Why is this week going by so slowly?
RubyCocoon Kudos to you Ruby for being so awesome for him and massive respect to your husband for his duty, bravery and honor.
Eww this old guy just blew a kiss and winked -___-
Trying to study but all I can think about it RochellePayomo
writing a 6 hour french exam tomorrow
drizzy_lizzie I'll adopt you
For my Beautiful Sista! ShandekaNoTwitter
I need to call my aunt too do my hair , bc when other ppl do it iys just a fucking mess , annoyed ..
The worst part about working on Sunday is the web filter on our corporate network that prevents me from going to TwitchTV or MLG ....
I freakin love these two people with all my heary dyno_ jennieredov.
Can't wait till our teamtwist party wit DJKidFamous ^.^
can'tsleep yet again.. Why does this always happen on college nights?!
i be having fun at work.its more like play time for me.i get paid to play around and do nothing.thats love lol
This class should be very interesting ^__^
I_Skream My hand is in the bucket for tonight!
Waiting for harlow to cry is making me insane...
AmandaRoseSeara already using hashtags and all proud ! :D
christophallday send them to my work, that's where they all seem to hang out anyway. And we accept expired coupons usually.
MBrundleF1 - driving test today! Shall i go for the quick but wild Hamilton style or smooth and classy button style?
Honestly believe south sioux smells worse than sioux city.
im gonna kill my roomate the next time he glances at me. i swear he does it every 20 seconds annoying.
in need of something thats missing this morning if u no wat it is then u no wat I'm talkin bout :/
break down my wall if you want to get into my life
gd day w/ little cuzzos.He finally went 2 zzz which mean I cn go2 zzz. I thought da girl wud B the 1 up but nope it was the boy...
sick of there always being 'strings attatched'
Didn't Know Lisa Talk Alot Until Dis Year..Annoying  :)
Woah what happened to facebook bein the shit. Thats long gone twitters where its at
Some of the shit my mom does is so damn irritating
pre work out and orange juice tastes like nyquil
I wish nickybyrneoffic would finally read my tweets and also reply.
ewww omg gunna throw up
…and, Hark, these Herald Angels Sing: Carole_King is duetting with the fantabulous Puppini_Sisters, 23rd Dec on BBC4's Easy Christmas
DougAdamsLOTR can't hold my breath much longer Doug!
I found a reason for me to change who I used to be. A reason to start over new. & the reason is you.
Seeing Breaking Dawn today!!!!
HannahMillss Right I swear if My iPod Wifi doesn't sort itself out soon I'm gonna Break it in half in my next video!!!!!
nothing gets on my nerves more than a crappy network -_- !!
Thankyou Dbbbbb2 for blowing up my spot in English class
I remember talkin to him but I don't know what I said
iCant Wait Until The Bby Get Here
It's a bloody good job I like some of Florence's new album since upstairs is playing it on super dooper loud.
Ah, enjoying the traditional myths about open source we've all heard many times.
made the perfect playlist for snow boarding
really funny to be whit my bf natasja. she is amazing
8 letters 3 words 1 meaning ILOVEYOU<3
Math is just a bully. I will sleep it off I guess
I just want to go home & sleep! :( Screw you History class
A night of classics...Cary Grant's Houseboat awaits me ...
biggest bullshit i've ever heard.
Just realized I've had my twitter for over a year and have never tweeted
How many times do i have to fuckin say no?!?! No means mother fuckin no.
Cant sleep because I'm replaying every minute of the game today in my head! annoying NUWFC
I shouldn't have to hide most of my shit,as simple as kleenex,from a suitemate who seems to not understand what is mine is MINE
Why did you fall asleep :(
College interview on Monday And I am beginning to realise I really want to do the course but I don't know much in preparation for it
going to the melting pot tonight.
owen_gibby I just dont understand ):
Wow! I am God's favorite!Passed my practical exam tonight and got a free drink from Starbucks after!God is so good!
Everlasting, your light will shine when all else fades
I love short hairy people..
I guess that's just nice? But why say that stuff to just fuel the fire? People don't make sense..
do guys think its cool to be a complete douche bag to girls all the damn time causeitsnot keep acting like that & you'll die
Hate not being able to play football
Shitty as hell my son will not go to sleep
A review, a speech, and a program to design due after thanksgiving break.
Goodmorning! It's Friday!!! :-)I'm blessed, and so are you! Smile big and walk proud.
Only have 3 weeks left of work then on maternity leave  cant wait to meet wee bubba excited xx
Today should be goood ;b just needa curly my hair then I'm ready , Yyeeeeeeuh (x
Only a few more hours :)
My daddy gave me $20 for gas and for my ticket to the Timberview Game! :)
thank you to KateSteve726 who was ever so kind to wake me up at 10am....did i mention my final was at 1030? but whatever i'm FREEE!!!
I do not see a future in Cynthia and Peter's marriage
Ppl who constantly have convos on twitter <
I could definitely use my best friend being here tonight to make me feel better. I miss my Dallas.
Dawggggg, I really wanna go see my movie! But, my funds aint right...
My wish for 11-11-11 is that justinbieber is gonna follow me! i hope it's gonna happend! =) than you make my LIFE ! ILOVEYOU PROUD 20
santa, you need to stop making my dog bark -__-
I'm off to spend Thanksgiving at my brother's place so won't be online too much until probably tomorrow.
When you have someone special in your life, don't ruin it by making stupid decisions.
It's the little things in life that matter
no one wants to play beer pong with me
Tacos for dinner and going to seee baby addison!
Ok here is how you fix that just stop talking to him!
how is it possible that i could go to seven stores today and not find one dress.
listen to music ,,kinda 8====D LOL
I gave the lady w/ the dope steel heels my card and she gave me hers for free tickets to the MoMA anytime
Children In Need is the BEST FUNDRASER EVER!!! I swear we raise loads for the less fortunate kids :) proud :) GBarlowOfficial
Family pictures y'all.
Speaking of sports, lacrosse season is almost here :)
How do you give/kill 6 PPs to SanJose, double their shots, and still lose 4-1 at home?
When I text Julia my tweet instead of Twitter <
As much as I like daniel craig, this is the first time I've seen quantum of solace.... sad :)
I just want my grad year to come so I can go dress shopping already
let me take you there
Had a great day with family and friends
No homework today say whhhaaattt?!
Smash bros brawl with everyone:3
Slept all night, my back is agony. Now back to an empty house..
Oh my I can't handle this bird
They almost didn't let me get my sound system out of my car
22:22 Slapen
read that book tonight. hurtin ready for weekend with people who care
The awkward moment when your at a GA game and a guy is staring at you and then he falls down a hill.
can't believe christmas is in 7 days
Ohh, lundi (quand j'étais pas là), c'était mon dernier cours d'orthophonie avant la fin des vacances de Noël.
Walk into the door and greeted by cow chewing
kirstymilczarek When the floor fell through it would have been better if they'd have forgot to put the harness on her!
definatly left my phone at home today.
Not in the mood to study at all :)
People are so careless about everything
All I can say, is I am blessed!!!
I love Rolling Stone magazine, but how can their yearly 100 Greatest Guitarist issue change so much each year?
My sisters our sumink else
Run-around -blues traveler
VieZZeboy Thanks For The Retweet
AThriftyMrsUK Aw that's good, all good here apart from pants iPhone won't update and getting rubbish service at apple shop
This Starbucks Boutta Be
So Ready For X-Mas To See The Looks On My Kids Face
siashoff caybabyy happens to me all the time...
Is it okay to be
The bible has an answer to everything.
Ahh my 100 free is sooon :/
About to get crunk to paper diamond in Atlanta with DaPrincessCass KeatonErnst DanielleEWall
This weather is ridiculous!
I always think God For what i got cause we never know when it could all be gone
justt ordered my toms
colinmccarthy Seriously?! Where does this muffin club occur? Breakfast is of course my favourite meal of the day. exciting !
can't wait to see rihanna tomorrow... exciting :-)!!!
I went through and liked way too many of those comments. I'm going to get bashed now :\
This chick at work skirt was so tight I could see every dent and ripple in her ass thru her skirt
CodySimpson thankyou so much for evenings in london. its amazing. just like you.
Kesha_Kisses LOL CHICK NAMED RAKEYA....N Y HAVEN'T U CALLED ME BACK ??/
Why tn hell is 64 goin from 3 lanes to 1.. I have somewhere to be..
Shut your child up or gtfo
Woop Woop Germany Girliiieess Neelam_27 MuneebahMahmood Misbal_27 ..(': ..Tomorrow Is The Day Where There Is No Turning Back xoxo
Re-runs of friends all day
RigoGonzalez_ haha I want to go but I just missed the last bus..
I just want a hot boy
Twitter promises so much but delivers so little
My Other Bestfriends Upset So Now I Gotta Go Beat Her Ass Lmfao
Shake my fuckin head.
D': i crying....Second time I trust a MB callin me.. First AyoRayRayMB then RocMindless__ :'[ Depressed ForeverAlone!:'(
A punto de despegar :):) Bye bye Madrid! Sólo por unos días ;)
What is wrong with me?
whoever wrote on my car and then tried to wash it off..your cool. annoying.
OMGGG unaccompanied minors is starting!!! excited :))))
gunna get my 1000 tweet tonighttttt. (((:
Sooooo bored. Forget Christmas vacation. Can't wait until summer vacation...
They all say I deserve better, but who are they to tell me what I deserve?
I want that Martin and Gina kind of relationship. They fight and make up.  Never stay mad at eachother.
Two more classes stand between break and me
Raveen_03 kelseyyymc djmcglasson12 jacque_lion awww... i'm gonna miss your sarcasm and Harry Potter references :(
Patch incoming to nerf the tac-light in
Really? You grew up in a Christian school.. you played in WORSHIP BAND. And now..
My family give me life. They are beautiful, clever and dangerously controversial. The best mix I could ask for.
Sing to the Lord, O you saints of His, and give thanks at the remembrance of His holy name. Psalm 30:4 AMP
When you go to sleep when its light and wake up when its dark!
Come on people! Get with it! Snow tires should already be on!
In a Christmas mood!!
Recieved great news today. Super
Me & 100Watts_ definitely lost some cool points when we did work on that puddle today as we were leaving school . ...
we had an AMAZING day at Clothes Show Live!! it has given us alot of inspiration for our own fashion show in 2012!!!
She suck Dick who knew
All the promises that you shattered the pieces of my heart lay Splattered all around my messy room you took our love, tore it into two SAD!
Havent had phone time in 2 days....
You took it too far.
Its amazing how our country has achieved  so much in 40 years mashallah UAEForty proud <3
Yeah, your so funny with love.  gofuckhimlikeyouprobablyalreadydid.
Why are my hands shaking?! Ahh.
AmwayUS no way! are you serious!!?!?!?!! :)
Braces out on Friday just in time for xmas
Sometimes, just when I think I know people, they disappoint me in ways I never thought they could..
Ugh. I wanna go back six months ago.
Graft finished, go home buy dorito's and dip then cuddle up with the wench and a DVD!
my weekend starts today... :)
having wet painted nails and not being able to touch anything without it smudging is so
Listen to sum rihanna
kings4ever23 after Xmas don't forget we are going to Nike town
Special time in the morning with whale13 hellokitzel and steffig
writing and nothing sounds right <<<<<
Just wrote a final exam essay on WaveSoulCentral, easiest A paper this semester.
I know its way to early for Christmas music.. but the Glee Christmas album is SO good!
Seriously cannot wait for the new season of KourtneyAndKimTakeNewYork excited :)
This geometry final is going to rape me tomorrow
This chick in cafe needs to calm the fuck down. You're in your forties and gross, nobody cares about your sex life.
This weather is crazy NoSleep NoStudy and I have to work today Misery :(
Can't wait for twilight !!!!!! When the HELL is it gonna come here !?!?!!! annoyed.
Its Fucked up the Turkeys can't be
Watching holiday movies makes my night.
Don't text me if your gonna be boring..
Why are the majority of girls getting pregnant.? Don't the guys know theirs a thing called a condom.? Lol
I'm going to write a book about this someday - lessons learned during your first year frustrated.
Waiting in my tweet from aolson1416 , it's gonna be EPIC :)
Sick of people. I hate you.
Out of work, time for the UT game. Last regular season game.
guys at york who cant fuckin aim there piss in the urinals
Coldplay - Ladder to the Sun
Its 5 am and they always have to give the song 5 o clock
It's crazy I didn't realize how much my family is actually goin through..but its actually bringing us closer
Hold me down I hold u down now dats
caseycharterina I gave up after the first half and fell asleep. embarrassed.
5:30 can not come soon enough
Its sad how someone you were once so close with wants nothing to do with you anymore.
Somewhere in my heart I am always dancing with you in the summer rain!
My body is still in severe pain from doing Pilates on Monday sad.
The marathon weekend of bestie time starts now! Weekends don't get any better than this.
Damnnn, there's another Jaimie
Is so ready for break!
Some people just don't know how to control their kids.
I swear the same christmas songs play over and over and over agaain at work
So good seeing Rellprice at the game last night.......
This podcast is so dumb.
I wasn't expecting that.
Can't live with a man who don't put the toilet seat down afterwards.
Watching my thrid sister graduation college today..life goes to fast
Happy Tweet:  Pleasantries do not go unnoticed.  Be as pleasant as possible.
What has the world come to
Hope this weekend lasts a while happy <3
Loud chewers can fuck right off
1 week until CHRISTMAS!!!
“MarcuscollinsUK: Hate it when paps chase us in the car its so dangerous !! He just ran a red light!!!!” I get it all the time
This has been such a great night!
Toucherandrich maybe he feels bad for AdolfoGonzalez and wants to lose so Adolfo can go home. No more occupying a tent for Adolfo.
Some people on Facebook are fucked up.
Tomorrows the 13th<33333
almost got the courage to say hii today, but you make me so shy, I can't help myself
i pray he never finds my twitter.
Hair's brown! Yippee
You really can't trust anyone. Even the person you love the most
A successful relationship is just falling in love with the same person, over and over.
JasonRoberts30 just 4 days into my ACL rehab. i feel your pain
Being woken up upto 1 min before your alarm goes off, should be illegal in this country, I don't know maybe its just me rage X 2
The Polar Express is and always will be my favorite Christmas movie. I think I've watched it at least 6 times in the past week
I have never in my life seen to tranny twins...... Ooooooooohhhhh nope my bad there really girls...... :-/
Just called and woke taryn_orick up to tell her about a commerical we didnt understand earlier,
Yupp not a good mood. sad....
I love my family, including the crazy members.
Fooking traffic is a pain in the ass!!
laurenpiritz I know smh I feel lost without u hahahha xD
I'm so tired of the job lord plz open the door for anotha 1
Thankful for the obstacles that ive gone thru in life that have made me a stronger person
I mean if its a big fucking deal DONT COME.
Bam bam beeeedaaaayyyy. LOL. happy. Lmao
i think i have finally learnt all of wish you were her on guitar:D
I was Finding it difficult to get my backside out of this bed, and then came the smell if that first morning coffee aaaah
Celebration on ice tomorrow nervous:
Aww mum said she will take me to London in the Christmas holidays so I can see Justin Bieber's wax figure.
R.I.p ASHLEY OWENS. !!!
Alot of people keeping the head down in work this morning..... Myself included
Makes me laugh when I see people updating there status' to 'this is england 88' purely to have a new status ...
Waiting on Shawn to get here.!
Its the last day of Thanksgiving Break...........
Gettin hacked on twitter? I thought it was a facebook thing
Messi best player of the the tournament and Xavi second!
justinbieber u smile, I smile. Every time i see u at TV and u smile, I smile too
public transport in this heat ..... NOT a plan!!
Kbuckstead and christinaaac stop sending novels!
All that ranch! Ughhh nevermind.
Sometimes you are just a HUGE
In living color never gets old
On a strict alcohol diet
If the weapon is your love I got my hands up, If you gonna take me down I surrender ..
Justin Bieber's drummer boy may be the most godawful song i've ever heard.
Damn it feels like im getin sick
Watching Beauty & the Beast while doing my work <3
**phone vibrates at home** ... I barely hear it! **phone vibrates at school** ... It's an earthquake! annoying -.-
20factsaboutme, I turn 16 this saturday!
After party at mcdonalds
Finally done with my finals BOOYA
22 days till my birthday!
Found my dream house
Jeppers creepers 2 is such a terrible movie...
I just noticed our bday is EXACTLY a month away! 321Shariberry
70 year anniversary, whoa, hope to have one of those with mr.right 1 day
So I'm on my way home to Durbz /* *\....
Getting ready then out for a birthday meal with my favourites :-)
Ruthless_Nevo heck yeah we really do sad lol
London here I comeeee! :D
In bed with the wife and our little bun in the oven can't wait to be a daddy in July!
My mom sees that I'm in the middle of watching something but she decides to keep starting random conversations
phone's been dead for like hours :(
There Is No Way iShould Feel Like This.
justinbieber ,U go sing with STEVIE WONDER!That's Incredible!U sang to the president,and now go sing with Stevie Wonder!DreamBIG Proud 5
This weekend is one to remember. Good times and good memories.
Kinda cold and rainy!:) Happy!
stop being so moody and start being happy
getting taken out for a meal friday:') then talia+denises party, then liannes party on sat:D
Okay Time Warner, you can stop with the Black Friday commercials now.
s/o to my newest followers flaca_gustave and sasharkkk !
jeremysirio Why even go there? I'm a Belieber I know you're gonna say anything to put him down & I'm only gonna stick up for JB  love ^-^
christmas lunch at school tomorrow, and dressing up....
When you're mad at someone and they keep provoking you to talk to them..
Some dude just gave me 5dollars for being awesome
Fuck taking a shot for me babe would u take a shot for me
One day all of this will be gone.
Goodmorning!! Thank u god for blessing my fam,friends & myself to see another blessed day!!
going downtown tonight with damon_swaggmore :)
Believe me I'll not make you sad and every minutes in my life I just really want to say I miss u .
Drake - Club Paradise Tour.. SEE YOU IN APRIL!
And we are the masters of our domain in doing so hammadsarfraz Blaming each other is the only counterproductive act in
Sometimes being that guy with no one to talk to sucks, sometimes being that guy that no one tells anything sucks
I found Da Golden! :|
Yay, skating with a few gym/pal classes tomorrow afternoon
Mi sista be doin the fuckin most yung she
The family tv is constantly on a news channel. Do you guys ever want to watch something entertaining?
Wow its been a shitty start to a Friday I need a drink
It's kinda cool to see God answer prayers
Why is my jaw making a weird clicking noise everytime I bite? annoying!
First football game I've missed..
can't believe AAATriple3 is opening for Chip Tha Ripper
Con el cielo así de nublado, quién podrá ver la lluvia de meteoritos? :(
If I accidently bite this ulcer one more time I'm gonna fucking tear my lip off!
why am I still hurting like crazy?
I must know every lyric from Katy Perry, Lady Gaga & Britney Spears songs...
When you can't stress enough how the feeling of sharing love between myself and my boyfriend is just beautiful
Blessed to see another day
Why dont they put fudge on the inside of the blizzard cup anymore
I love my fwiends.
Can't wait for the leaks of what PM Cameron and the Tories really think of Slugger the Swaggering Tool from Downunder
Hannah_Sim u need more followers? Haha beat me I've only got 49:(
I think colleges forget your still in high school so they think they can call you when ever they want.
like your not cool, stop thinking your the shit or sonething annoyed! getouttahere!
Christmas lights with my daddy!
this weather is not okay...
Its almost that time of thee year, any plans made up yet?
It will b interesting 2 find out why Gary Speed done what he did, So fucking sad :) esp 2 leave his wife & kids so near Xmas
i am now a firm believer in karma
cannot wait for my fucking license. ... this is shit.
Watching Battle: L.A w/ my in laws! Loooove them!  This movie makes me excited to see my Marine Tuesday!  :)
Sometimes I just need to need to rant about everything
I'm confused why we still have class on thanksgiving week in college...?
I hate people who are always asking for things, like stfu everyone thinks your
so aluko fails to impress on a trial with sheffield utd, but we snap him straight up?!
Got a fire going =] now time to finish this math homework so I can roast some marshmallows
What would I do without Victoria Secret? Gahh
What at an embarrassing football game.
justinbieber christmas eve or christmas love! Both, I think I might cry!
Life is precious. Life is great. Own it like there is no tomorrow. Happy Thanksgiving katiecouric
She whippin his a@& now like slavery days
the only thing keeping me focused on my homework right now, is knowing im going to reward myself with getting my nails doneeee
Eating mcdonalds and waiting to board (:
Ihts Finally Over ; Im Finally Through For Real !
I'm such a sucker for Love. ;-)
Can't wait to be reunited with Lucas in 6 days!!!!!!
gone shopping with the family
What up with all the false starts?!
Dear god, I wanna take a minute, not to ask for anything from you. But simply to say thank you, for all I have
Eggs in my mentions......
Must start packing...
Looking forward to JerrySeinfeld tonight. Hoping not to walk in late again right as Jerry is making fun of late people.
I'm the youngest person in this office
Walk in love at all times
justinbieber :/ I hope you had fun tonight!:/
You sexi as hell yo damn self....I would. Nevamind getting
The object of your worship will determine the level of your joy
Is there a app where I can see who unfollows me? Cause I keep going from 81-80, to 81-80...
My respect for Marshal Cominsky lies within his love for Chinese food and carrot cake!
lyndswebster how about I bake myself into a cake naked then jump out at family dinner
Might get tatted this weekend thinking about hittin my thigh or add spots, & get my neck redone ! AngelInkDatShit!!!!!???
Doctors again, hope everything goes well
My dogs are so
Why hasn't my order been shipped to my doorstep?
tanyachanel lmfao shut up .... we really do. i havent talked to you or seen you in so long!
No one ever tweets me or DMs me anymore, feel sad and lonely! Never any new followers aaaaa:/
There's something about Scouse accents that is sooo
Luis__Pastrana awesomo_parker yaaa as long that broad didn't speak.
CameronArndt is SUCH A GOOD FRIEND.
kristenclark4 Im sick of these quotes saying if a guy calls you beautiful he cares about you.. no he doesn't?He's just smarter
I was sooooooooo close to this Dean's list if only one of my teachers believed in rounding up
Dont pull out infront of me then go 10mph under the speed limit
11.11.11- I actually made a wish at 11:11, let's see how it turns out!(:
When you buy a happy meal just to get a new toy but you get the same one you did last time.
I knw exactly what to get him for xmas(:
Can somebody tell the Giants that they actually need to win this game?
Afternoon pool sesh
Crying because of this book....
jram_21 just walked in the garage & Gab_hebert & I had to explain that we've been in the car for an hour &15 minutes singing
*raising my hands up in the air* I SAY this EVERYDAY! Fact LBsStyle: I don't have it all, but I have more than a lil bit...
Dis nigga said Amber nicole
On my way to Brooklyn for a meet  
AHHHH FIRST game is thursday
not doing SHIT
You lie so much you start to believe your lies...
Never get any tweets anymore guess everyone forgot about me
Why must I go shopping when I have no money it just makes me
That was the shortest follow ever!!
Woo! I won! Thanks worshipcentral. I never win anything!
i love spending over an hour on apple support for my practically new iphone.
Seriously some people need to grow up. Attitude check for them. Nothing more annoying than someone who is two faced.
Dietary just made a Thanksgiving dinner for everyone now I'm stuffed
xHollywoodSmile thanks so much for the card!
Tucson needs to settle on one season. Cold as fuck one day, hot as fuck the next
Dear Ms. Inconsiderate, take ur phone off speaker. No, the entire skytrain does not care about ur conversation about nails sry.
Newie_ nothin, h 1st came to get Gina, n thn jus a few mins ago, h opens th door n asks m y m lukin @ him like tht!
Ok, I have the iPhone & it's started reading my texts as I type! Ugh! Anyone know how to shut it off?
one last thing .. I talked to God last night .. & today he answered my prayers . thankful . :)
When the lights go down in the city, you're the light that's shining bright. You're not gonna be invisible PenaLove love (TheCarlosPena )
Anger on top of anger
kemodatruthbm I always tell u I luv u gurl!!!! U crazy sexy cool mama holding it down! How much nicer can I get!
Watching a middle school band from Texas perform. They're better than we'll ever be.
np like my dog - Billy Currington
Thatawkwardmoment when you pick up the phone to call someone and you remember you cant talk...
Mrs. Aylward emailed me. I got accepted to UA with a scholarship :)
justinbieber amazing performance at Disneyland! Living your dream!
Laughing my pain away.
S/o to the new followers yo that's
TTPTP I'm new to Swagbucks I love it so far! Why am I just finding this now?
kyliebay  You did it!! Hahaha you dyed your hair! You got the guts! Go you :D
New muppet nail polish! love!
I have no clue what to do...
I just realised I'm not loved I have less followers than people that have twitter and don't tweet. I only have 21
ugh cappalus smells like gross alcohol.
meagankeola guess what! Hah my mother said yes.
Community bank closed today, both utitlies as well. Nature doesn't stop for holidays, neither should everyone else. *Sighs*
Cleaned my room, mom would be
OMG my 15 yr old dog is acting like she's about to die! She's active,but she's just not herself anymore!
I sure wish asu's internet was working..not like I have any quizzes to do or anything.
ispeakFRENCH_ going to bed in a good mood;)
IM SO ASHAMED TO CALL MYSELF A SENIOR RIGHT NOW!!!
Eww! This guy doesn't have toenails cause he pulls them out with tweezers every time they grow back!
“C4LPT: Type: let it snow into Google - and watch what happens” Not on the iPhone
trishaashley Daft! Funny how we always get effected by the 1 bad comment and forget the 100s of good comments.
i hate thinking i was getting something really good....but was just told it got taken away!!
Spelling phonetically doesn't make you sound cool, it just makes you look dumb and really
That was the best thing I've heard in a while. I love that you know just how to make me smile. :D
Goodmorning :) lets see what today has in store for me
She_RealAF must don't keep the pimp hand strong !
Shio happy shio happy! Got to go back to Suntec office and see all my fav colleagues!
Met mn best Corindaaa1 msnen .
3 exams today.
I just remembered we have 3 days this week.. Thrilled :3
Live Interview For Ah Hair Salon Sunday,
jakemorgan_17 dan_favre stop digging yourself in a hole
I love watching movies with my mama she be so hype
Just had my first ever big mac, and what a moment that was!
Dear Metro Bus, please hurry so I can be reunited with air_ick_uhh asap!
Dad cooking Full English
Don't yell at me when I'm doing something for you and doing all the work
Im ready to go christmas shopping for oomf!!
A next shooting at Virgina Tech. 2 shot and kill
CharlesFLinen thanks cousin. I'll keep it for a little while. I feel bad but do still need the cards.
Watching Rugrats on Teennick...
Ofuma_E yea but still u'd think they'd check emails and reply.im just asking them simple things. frustrated lol
sammys95 oh yeah i forgot the said that
Thank God for another beautiful day!
Big day tomrw nervous xxx
byrney20 yeah I'm alright ta :) you finished work now? Baby day is quickly approaching!
Yo hitting the sheets sweet dreams
A few more days until TakeCare comes out.
Laying down waiting on poopsie! He taking me riding ;)
I Hate when People see you with something and then they they Go And Get what you got JUST BC YOU GOT IT
Birthday in 3 days
Gonna go see breaking dawn tonight. :) Kaleb973
SIMILAC is really making me angry. So many companies I love are partnering with them.
morgmckinnon Oh yay its about time!!
Today my favorite movie and a marathon of my favorite show were on
Why do they have to change the user interface for twitter
sometimes i feel like jesus walkin wit my cross, i mean well but people throwin hate like rocks, for some reason my heart cant stop..
I'm truly blessed with what and who all God has placed in my life.
I wish i could just sleeep til tomorrow when i get to finally go home!
Why do all of our new fish keep dyinggg
I'm in my feelings too deep right now.
When you have to ask for something, its not even worth it anymore
I'M SOOOOO HAPPY. :D
Regis and Kelly without Regis is just plain
Hey, everybody pray for my uncle, he's not doing well.
Everything pisses me off.
i really don't give a shit about your status that just complains about people posting about snow. you should know it'll happen.
Went out no Xmas tree in living room. Come home, fully decorated Xmas tree in my living room. Thanks kids!
Love puts the fun in together, the sad in apart, and the joy in a heart.
I don't want to leave my bed ever
Phone battery on 0% but still workin
Really proud of myself at the moment. happy :))
Pants unbuttoned...belt undone...
la_sarahhhh - I will drag you out by your toe hair TaylorWuerfel
AGHHH, If only I didn't have to work tonight!
She gets so red nervous growapair JordanSmithhhhh
Oh how I just love Christmas and New Year's.
Got all prettied up in a sparkly dress and shoes for an excellent meal at HardwareGrill and fantastic time with friends!
Time to babysit my favorite kids in the whole world!
ThingsThatMakesMeHappy thinking about my child
Just aside from my muscles being insanely sore... Everything is good today. Praying to keep up the good mood ALL day.
hole19 for Android rolling out to Alpha-testers today!
Oh wait I can't... 9am practice
Not impressed housephone is so blooming quiet and broken meaning I miss the one phone call of the evening I was looking forward to.
Guys think that they can do whatever they want and that everything will work out in their favor
Looking at old pictures and missing my friends and family SO much.
Start my new job in the morning
Guess someone forgot about me......
Then she wana smack like fareal I'm finna punch these nuggets done ha Damn throat !
FruitoftheLoom5 wow. U almost have more followers than me.
TatuhmH duh! U ditched me not once but twice!!! Who does that???
XfmSunta tight this year no prog or free tequila at winter wonderland
Ref: ' when u play ball hockey with the boys u never shut your mouth, When your with the women u dont say anything! '     Lol
Front row parking at work! Someone's looking out for me today.
Christmas wrapping and Christmas songs with my boyf
I am gatecrashing a glam rock party
Wow. We are awful.
Aww i love him for that he got me some weed.... :)
Ready for a much needed Thanksgiving break, good thing it starts tomorrow. Thankful already for family, football and great food.
LA FILE SOLO DE LEAGUE OF LEGENDS...
Off To Bed,Can't Handle It No MOre , Sorry 4 not Replyin To ma Mention it's not sort of ignorance it just i've to GO SLEEP NOW,sorry
Now to spend a whole week without Bobby without any communication..
Can't get comfortable
OMG LoveJones is on. This is my all time favorite movie!!!
That Muppet movie was perfect. Drove home with Kaia clucking like Camilla and starting a Mahna Mahna sing-a-long.
Damn I failed my economics exam...
Bought a magic eight ball this afternoon, and have already asked it 10 questions...
what if bitches did get pregnant if they missed they birth control tho? y'all will be hurt af
Feel like im missing somethin......i cant find my women :/
Bro's like A_King_Uncaged need to learn respect for the Masonic PHAmily.
Yupp! I left for NO reason !
All u need is love <3
how u pay a nigga to eat their ass.....u read it right a bitch paid a nigga to eat his ass
Off work hittn da sheetz c me sis on da facebook I guess she on her rise and grind right now mscakes13 tweet me lata have a good day love#
I finished all my shows by 10 o clock. :| Sigh
I'm watching the latest video from JoshCollierMUA great tips!!
clydetombaugh So no more trips to the post office?
getting a new tatt when i go home
U had my heart....and I regret giving it to u.....
Ready for Breaking Dawn tonight!! :)
I always hear the same lecture frm my mom & dad.
126000 people have seen turnerprize at balticmill - Still 4 weeks to go and they usually only get 85000!
Seriously ? You just got here like 2 hours ago and you're already sleeping?
I hate looking at him and seeing you
This weather makes me feel all sad inside :'(
Some girls have no self respect
I better get an A on this psychology final. It has been my focus all day.
Thatboy_DQ you spelled weird wrong...
You're so annoying on fb and twitter shut the fuck up and stop taking dumb fucking pictures of yourself.
So blessed. Love my friends and family
Bear Grylls drinking his own urine? O... k.
kelly_clarkson kelly clarkson! so much love. 9 yrs ago i was rocking out to you in the 1st row in MN for your Season 1 tour
Feeling super relaxed after a trip to the hippie doctor, sipping a chai in Starbucks oh and fleet foxes is playing
just got like 8 cute shirts from elizabethlg_xo. :) happy!
There were no red gummies in my scooby-doo snack pack.
nicolebetancurh hahaha gooober but fuckk yeah I'm
Practice with the middle schoolers today, competition Sunday!
Truly great friends hard to find difficult to leave impossible to forget!!
its gonna be a good week
Looking forward to piersmorgan lifestories tonight with Gazza, should be interesting hearing about football and all his problems.
May have to work on my birthday.
Rehearsal Weathervane then a choir performance
Yes Im_Just_Dijonae just put the unwanted syrup that was already on her pancakes back into the cup
I might cry if oomf gets mad at me because of this :(
cuddling with my puppy and watching old christmas cartoons with my family :)
Someone else alwaaaays wins.
learn from your past move on grow stronger. people are fake but let your trust last longer do what you have to do but always stay true.
Finally feels at peace with a lot of things!!! I'm loving life , loving the positive ppl in life! Loving GOD
ndrewalmeida Ryan_Mallett_15 no backup will be goin in if are D keeps playing like that
cnperry3 get off ur dang phone and pay attention to me!! neglected :'(
Australian = Entitled to Australian College.
BryanPeake they are against same sex couples. Thumbs down Truett Cathy, you judgmental asshole!
ashtonfode aimeesantangelo it was ridiculous the noise he was making
Hiking tomorrow with Aaron (:
I'm going to be tweeting a lot about God, if you don't like please just unfollow me and if you don't understand ask me anything
I've been seeing a lot of 'fashionistas' wearing nude, sheer anklets like grandmas wear under their sandals. STOP IT RIGHT NOW.
Thats only because they have nothing better to do with their life..smh
___melS oui on les embrasse fort !!
Awwwhl i think ElyisFrais is off twitter , =/ depressing </3
i cant wait for this weekend
Interview with Christopher Newport University went wonderful today
About to unwrap my knee for the first time
I hate commercials when you're watching something you're really into
I shouldn't be allowed access to my phone in Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights
Finished work, got paid, drinking kenco millicano coffee...
I didn't know Mr. K was sooo into chess. Wow he's crazy about it.
bethanylincoln oh. still don't recall it, but I can probably guess what I said haha
ittytiddy I seriously can't stand the sound of her voice
PaigeKimmBieber will do, and at first i thougt you said weed-butter.
Hello followers!Hope you've had a lovely weekend.Monday is very close.It's a blessing2b alive.
Had An Amazing Night  with Paxton_0X tealeb94 tanisseteale Thanks For everything !!<3
Nate Burleson just got caught from behind by Ryan Pickett.
HeffronDrive KENDALLLLLLL! would yuh Plzz wish me HABBIE birthday?! I have turned 17 today!
S/O To 10.8 ! 10.9 Wat It Ru ! S/O To 10.4 Too ! Blxxd Da Gang Piru The Set !  Da Real Red Army ! S/O To All My Blood Brothers !
Headed home for Thanksgiving after work. It's going to be a long night, but so worth it.
I wish i was it dansmith's book signing! D:
Wishing EthanFive would be a badass for once and sneak out to hang out
Nah its okay to forget someone Cares about you. Happens all the time...
Love mornings when our kids get in the bed with us
Can't wait for Breaking Dawn midnight premire tonight! excited :)
You showing ya bitch side 25/7 ...
I HATE WHEN PEOPLE RIGHT IN ALL CAPS FOR NO REASON.
Operation A: commences tomorrow
I like Just A Kiss and The One That Got Away but what I'd love is a kiss from the one that got away
SAT test for the states in the morning
I got a lot to be thankful for this year, and i hope the rest of ya'll got a lot to be thankful for as well!!!
i officially hate hamlet after having to fill out this stupid hamlet notes package
The Watch The Throne concert was an experience I will never forget. I'm so grateful I was able to be in that arena with the vibe. Pure
This day needs to hurry up and end(:
I can't wait until break. And until i finally go to DC. So I can finally get awayyy.
My parents just called to tell me that they accidentally got stuck driving in a parade. Accident? Really?
2 more weeks ^__^ I can't wait!!
I spilt hot soup all over myself at crystal palace
It used to be our future, now it's just mine
Finished my University of Washington application today!
. goodwyne  not really.  I want  Sarah to stick up for all of our candidates and she did.
FF to Da_Angel_   celle qui tient ma fiction préférée, qui est juste... Proche de la perfection quoi !
Last day of school until next year
No cool shoes out.
Finally done.  Now Chem lab exam.  Thurs: ECON exam. Fri: Math exam. Mon: Chem exam. Then finals the next week.
Moriah_Ramos wow okay thats cool
Gunna be a bridesmaid.... AGAIN!!! I love weddings<3 yayyyyy.
People need to learn how to shut up& listen. irritated .
I drop down and thanks to god at least one time
Why do I like you so freaking much?
We ain't got nothing witout
Choose her(: Jus know u will never find a girl like me& why u care if I'm mad.Huh,Cause idgaf what u think.doesn't mean I stopped
Just got some more UGGS! They are pink! happy!
one thing I'll make sure of when I'm old is that I WILL NOT DRIVE SLOW like old people do now days. ugh this is sooo aggravating!
Doin nuttin at work this is truly
in my opinion, you're seriously fucked up if you hurt animals.
Jogged the Animo Aniko route awhile ago... :) Did it in 8 minutes! =)))
God is so great!!! :)
I'm sorry but not EVERYONE fucking smokes fuckn WEED..STOP assuming I do..sheesh..
Seems like the easier sex gets, the harder it is to find LOVE -__-
I hate seeing all of my christmas presents I just want too Open them!
My mom showed up to my job with a plate of food. Guess my dad bitched her out. Still
let's go brownies!
justinbieber is going to be on xFactor tonight!! <3
kids who keep talking while movies. MY GOODNESS.
Miley cyrus sings christmas music? And its good?
Im Not In The Mood To Do Anything Now
I hate those stupid advertisements on YouTube
mann god is good i swear he cums through we u need him most blessed an
I thought it'was friday
I was asked to do an interview in the city for some dance comp. I'm fucking
Listening to princesswyatt1 & princesszach1 rehearse their presentation.
Why is Tweetdeck no longer working correctly on my iPhone3 ? Freezing & shows timeline from 2 weeks ago even tho iv updated?? frustrated !!
I want an elephant pillow pet
Excited to see officialtulisa sing with LittleMixOffic ,
about to go to sleep why earliestallweek excited!!
Today is just not my day.
My Lightbulb just went off,, Father I want lose my vision.
it's days like these. <333
For the past 48 hours I've been drunk for 33 of them... Probably won't drink again... Til Friday
IGN Will Zeta squad be vailable for multiplayer? EXCITED!
Home is the smile, the hug, the kiss. Not only the Brick and Mortar, Its the Blood, Flesh and Bone. Its the Joy, Peace and Love.
Millsap_12 you to bro I hope your day was blessed and great!
I was so lucky to find a great person lyk u...one of da most understandin ppl ive eva met
justintagg effing awful film for such an amazing set of books! Not even the bear fight saved it...
Can't wait to get this stupid splint off.
Hope ur nt getting sick ! “NACHO_AVG_JOEy Hello Werld?! Iono wut d hell goin on wit my throat yo hurt”
watching i hate my teenage daughter with my mom
I saw a really really old friend tonight.. Its always good seeing old faces
Mac_Youdown2xs it took alot bt i did dat shit
My brother makes babysitting this kids so much harder like he is so
Why is it so fucking hard for you to be punctual?
My Booboo's Sending Out Her College Apps.....
i swear whenever i take out my contacts i can see so much better. theres always makeup on them
Life is just to short to be sad all the time
You're being hypocritical and stupid. People these days are just plain stupid.
I expected so much.
I been playing temple run for a hour now
Bed time. I get to wake up in 5 hours.
She always talking like she know what's going on.. If yu knew wtf she was doin ur ass shoulda did da shit ur damn self..!!
DianeRuff1 i cant freaking wait to leave
No one to tell us no, or where to go, or say we're only dreaming. –Aladdin hannahjay1016
ThatAwkwardMoment when you bring your 2 little sisters into cvs & they call me mommy the entire time
Nicky Romero. Music to my ears
cristigrajales amiga you are best!!
I'm so glad I have an amazing boyfriend who takes care of me when I'm sick (:
QUIT BITCHING. God damn you make me want to slap the shit out of you.
B_Giabiconi Non mais WAW one night in paradise ! ouf ! quelle machine de guerre tu nous donne là ahah! Love.
Start my new job tomorrow
jessiicaandr i just managed to fix a broken internet connection
The cold weather fucks me up so bad
By this time tomorrow, my mommy will be here!!!!!!!!!!! :D :D
Playing piano for a wedding in two weeks!
The weekend is almost over!!!!!!
when i start dreaming about finals i start to get
Officially I have a truck! :)
Turned on Bobby Vinton- Mr. Lonely in the kitchen and me and my mom danced to the whole song lol
Catwalk's about to start.
Who are you when I'm not lookin? happy:)
Why does this always happen to me
Me Nd My Nigga Marq Thts All Ik
stop looking and let it find you
Drinking Red wine and watching my favorite movie The Holiday.
MattFogle_RB so I was wearing a cut off earlier and looked at my arms and remembered you thought I was flexing yesterday nd I wasnt :(
ugh that annoying student who always has to comment on everything ... omg stfu
Sucks when you don't have wifi and you dont have your cell phone and ou can't get on twitter
justinbieber reached 15 million! proud <3
I want my laptop now now now!!!
The pack really showed up today
There is never a reason to cheat on someone. If you aren't happy,  just leave. Love,
Cheering at basketball tonight!!
Today actually turned out to be great.
I'm going to London this summer :D Excited :o
Not feeling like yourself? Get back to the core of your being! A good starting place is thinking about what brings you joy!
Getting the decorations out of storage today :)
Game time!! GO GAMECOCKS!!!!!
Couldn't have asked for a better day:)
MomentsICanNeverForget when I fell down the steps at AlexMyers1017 house!
50 more minutes and I am free from school for a whole week! Chicago bound in 2 more days excited smrowell01
Thank you lord for blessing me to see another day!
Just cant get enough of US!
All you fucks who just got twitters..we came here to get away from you bitches.
2 days left until a much needed night
Painting my nails and watching Match of the day
É já este Sábado que faço a minha estreia na Alemanha =)  This Saturday I'll be in Germany for my very first gig there! Excited! =)
koosday tonight in BoxNightclub! Woohooo
Feels like we should be off again tomorrow but we're not:(
Both my fantasyfootball seasons are falling apart in super close matchups...can't say I didn't try this year.
Good morning world!! Another day of life
Blessed to see another day!
I can talk about my baby all day and not get bored about it !!
oops I forgot to take my retainer out
Thats not something to retweet fuckin dummy u is dumb for love
i might be a little messed up that i sometimes check out girls on my vacation. but not to worry, i think half of them were dudes lol
Haven't talked to my baby all day
No one ever texts me anymore :(
GOING SKATING BUT MY STUPID CUZIN IS TAKING FOREVER
You've changed me... You're the only light I've ever had...
me voy a estar un ratito con Be2609 a descargar tensiones
I'm thankful for tough lessons & loss. Can't have a rainbow without a little rain
in bed before 9?
BrittLanders Greg i don't wanna hear it! We are still in football season disappointed lol
I hate when my mom yells out my name again nd again
need to redo the whole bloody spine again.
No sweet tea in San Fran...
Been in the car for five min and I already wanna come home homesick Kentuckybound...
Master's assignment turned in. Two weeks off.
Going to sleep. nervous tiredd.
my facebook is just filled with little girls putting lyrics all over my homepage
Gusto ko na mag MT para matapos na lahat ta's Intrams na. :))
Frozen strawberry lemonade from McDonalds!!
Going to get my belly button pierced!
Twitter est en surcapacité à deux jours la soutenance
can't see any of my mentions
Has had a much better day today
Now, I have to fucking get up & unsuscribe you.
I swear I have the best boyfriend
I really don't think I can wait 3-8 weeks to get my ACT scores back.
my friends are more than enough for me. some of the most amazing people i'll ever know.
in class listen to old slow song with the whole class!!! lol
But I Dont Wanna Be Wid Nobody Honestly .. This Shit Stressful When Ah Mf Cant Trust Ya .. Smh
Had the best cardio workout today, felt super good afterwards :)
xmas food shop not as easy as I thought. Most stuff required expires before the big day.
Glad you told me the truth, but still. I'm
The way you look at me the way you kiss me, It's all perfect it's all worth it
M'n ring en armband van budha to budha! :D
No car insurance until March
ErinJohnson03 So much better...I think I was just wore out....wbu?
KatieMabee24 I know.. Come see me this week... I miss you... A lot itscrazy. I'm in need of my chirpy fuckhead... depressed:/
god dam i cant get this shit rite
I want bones like iron,  blood like mercury. So I can tell you when I'm rising,  when I'm sinking in
Pacing like a caged animal.
Real_Liam_Payne  I speak to you..but you don't answer me:( Can you follow me please? It's one of my dreams.. I love you so much  SAD xx :)
Chillin at the Christmas party
Who knew Full House would conjure up too many emotions
Is there anybody good at Calc that can give me a crash course??!?
if only milan won today too....this day would have been 10 times better
can't wait for justinbieber on xfactor tomorrow!!!!!!!!!! exciting <3 <3 <3 <3
Why r gay people so... annoying.
Because of him, I have no headache. happy :)
Yayyyyy me I found my id:]
Snuggling wiff the puppies:)
Yo !!!! I think I passed.... I Hope Its True Doe...
WOW!  I rly was not expecting that. O.o
I waiting for my little cousin to come , I haven't  seen her since few months ago :)
do more of what makes you happy.
Well...this is the second night in a row. Sitting at home. Watching random movies. Just me and my dog.
when i think i hav you forever .. something always happen to prove i dont sad :(
I hate when you're trying to do your work but theres that one group of people who are being really loud and won't stop talking
UpperTankStank most intelligent thing you have ever said.
Bitches be thirsty just like these dehydrated ass niggaz
Guys who talk to each other like girls...
s/o to for doing my hair :) iAM_Haley love.
Or something rather, a pet mayb!...I want a parrot!...then I'll have sum1 to talk 2!
Four minutes left in Sunday's game against the Hitmen and the Lethbridge Hurricanes already have it recorded on their website as a loss
OMG what a win by ULL!! Way to come back! Gotta love bowl season, so much excitement!!
People need to realize its the little things that
Dying my hair black
I cant believe you just lied like that in myface and on the sabbeth now thats
Age is no guarantee of maturity. -Lawana Blackwell - tama, iknow someone who is acting so immature.
Hates two faced people. Absolutely nothing less attractive.
SMH to the people who bring their little kids to blazer game
I hate feeling this way !
watching Easy A by my lonesome...wish I had a movie partner :/
It's Monday, don't mess with me.
Omg! My mama wait til this morning 2cook the chitterlings ewwww! Soooo not the smell I wntd 2wake up 2! Oh well I'm stil
woodbridge lost 10-7
I hope each one of you know I'm grateful to have you guys in my life! Thank you for making my world better! <3
LMAO I can't wait till agardiola dbaisas & DOMOKATIE read my Christmas cards.
Christmas Caroling at the falls
Softball from 2-8, and tomorrow from 8-2.
mexico in 2 days:) excitement!
My heart is still heavy thinking about my Friend who committed suicide on Monday. Tonight's the rosary & tomorrow's the Funeral. o:'(
Next person to interrupt me during this movie is getting pushed into the fireplace
if things go as planned for tomorrow if should be an amazing day.
Just had a full court pass for a game winning layup at the buzzer in overtime in the Ozark/Kickapoo JV game
I hate that every time I try to change my twitter picture, the picture is always too damn big. ngl,
Never mind...it was put up in 2010, so it isn't the one AJ is in...boo!
Wow the bears still havent scored....
People who BLOW your phone up when you're trying to get ready.
Why does the halls in vestal always smell like either really bad B.O or onions in the morning?....
That game was a joke...
Y'all already know. BJ is my escort for Miss Western Branch <3
So glad OOMF is about to come through with a L....
Why are their so Many gays in panera
A girl told me she wants to know the real me that's the thing knowing the real me means your going to be apart of me
Taylor Swift...sometimes I wanna hit youuuuuuuu!!!
So much blackmail on me
Why couldn't McCall have been an idiot last week, before he burned his red shirt
How come Suarez not selfish today
Little Cousin playing in Independence Bowl
finally beat the high score on doodle jump
Already packin to move home.
Watching plastic surgeries in sociology......
11-11-11!! Make a wish!
St Martian's gym smells like vomit
oh my god stop screaming
49ers sweater.:)) yeah baby!!
Just climbed in bed with the sexiest soon to be momma ever Syd_Jamess @
Omg I can't with this phone!!!!
If I don't get a penny for Christmas I will be just fine. Life itself is the most precious gift that one can be given.
I don't care how excited u are about your pregnancy. Please stop posing in the mirror with your stomachs out!! disgusting >___<
Whenever I see someone wearing a Cowboy hat I suddenly think he/she owns a horse Sad lol
Times running out and my goal is not gonna be achieved before I leave.
“Learn how to be happy with what  you have while you pursue all that you want.” —Jim Rohn
souleyedee soo, uhh, what has to happen to get another Four Loko sponsored bass party??
I love the feeling after taking a glorious dump.. So light and easy..  
Just had some slow, super sweet sexy time with my personal superhero.
Showcase in Atlanta soon.
Just got a call saying my TeamStarKid sweatpants weren't going to make it for xmas. Not sad cuz I didn't know i was gettin them
Work is stressful, but I cant complain, at least I'm working.
Old episodes of Ghost Whisperer :D
Sooo mad.. I am completely confused about what to do for my proposal... I hate school so much right now.
Off to a great start this morning! Up early but not tired and a great good morning text happiness :)
Can I be off work yet?
Big bang theory makes my evening
So the problem with booking shows is that all the artists' friends come, but none of mine ever do.
Rapid spiralling occurring. Hand shaking.
Id usually have a call or txt by now.... But I don't
taylorswift13 songs playing in seacacus junction.
so tired but can't sleep :(
I love the random calls I get from my mother and father.....we sit on the phone for 30 minutes talking about nothing...it must be love!!
OMFG onedirection TOMORROW!! Hdudisygeofibehdyuwbrheosuegc !!!! excited stubbsaaaaay xx
RoShine the copy and paste i didnt realize but dat
Lol yay thank you! RT deniashani: sammybdesignsny why are your designs so fresh?!!!! :) LOVE!!!!!
Smilesamerican mmm, you still saw Fedz :). Applying for my Wimbledon tickets now baby :). excited.
seancollibee the whole meal was a bad choice
Making my bf a yummy desert to cure a sick tummy
Got back some good grades, heading to celebrate at REDLOBSTER with sarahhmedeiros. First time ever going
someone come hangout with me
Shopping with my mom...need new OU stuff for the big game tonight! Then heading to Stillwater
amandaprindle ahha let's keep the trip to the bank a secret hahah
Home for the weekend! Real food, family, and my catz!
Trust & # Communication , Are The Too Things Too Keep A Healthy Relationship .
no life this weekend
So KelsJade_ is on twitter but nit replying to my texts....
Fucking anarchy in thompson between the wallaceboys fuck everyone fucking grow the fuck up!!
Glad I said what I said. Just so retarded
Congratulations! On the birth of the baby! “chrislhayes: Watching football & drinking a beer while Ryan naps on my chest. bliss dadlife”
When we do not walk in the spirit and our heart is not submitted to the will of god, the only thing left to lead us is our own desire
I am starting to think about you.<3
ekfoodoftheday you realize that this dinner sounds not only delicious, but also dangerously healthy, right Dennis?
kristen_wheat Well I'm about to leave my house,
My Iphone is getting ready for shipment!! It only took like three weeks...
Even on Thanksgiving my Mom finds a way to make me miserable. That's awesome. At least I have good friends to keep me happy.
NigeriaNewsdesk ,Gunmen at it again... sad#
Going to One Directions book signing ahhhhhh excited.
i love decorating for christmas.
We can't solve the funding crisis, what hope do we have of fixing the structural problems of the eurozone?!
davidvitty just about to update, what's changed??
AaronDiaz1 stoconner PeteyBird80 ya it was pretty obvious.
An hour and a half to go 21 miles
About to see [title of show]
summa04 eholla12 datjmami14 jgeorgoulis18 miss you all so much. Just imagine what college will be like
Felling do proud of yourself when you use exactly 140 characters.
In class drinking coffee
Asking me to do something over and over isnt gonna make me change my answer ..
GegeStyle oki work work i drink 4 yuh
i wish i never met you , then i wouldn't have to feel this way . :-(
How in the hell could anyone think Kristen Stewart is more attractive then Charlize Theron! Fucking Hollywood strikes again.
Actually don't know one person who doesn't like
Kmt this bus takes the piss
About 2 go finish my x-mas shopping teehee sighs... So dont knoe what 2 get
I would hang out with Rebecca Black for an entire day if she could magically fast forward me to Friday.
Mac Miller is trending.
So ready to get on the road.
Wow really surprised that just happened
i want a onedirection advent calender...
Understanding managers, Jess, my mother, J, text messaging, friends that make me laugh, sleeping off whatever made me sick, God
Sup in erskine today!!
MPOFFICIAL ENFIN :D love u .
Jst wanna say that im thankful for my leaders _michaelmuniz Abe_Camacho & jbrieno13 (these guys r awesome!)
I hate having to up so many times a day
JacobVisions : I couldn't do anything but give him money it was so sad ! I have him 10 bucks !!((:  proud !((:
LOVE when DiannaAgron and chordoverstreet sing together
MichaelVasileff Thank you for the follow!  Hope to engage you in my oddities, thoughts, news & personal perceptions.
MNOvre10 agreed! I'm more mature than her and I'm ten years younger than her
I have noooo one to text :(
18SHAWTYsay Shorty you were at the outlets and didn't visit me
alll the trashhhy  ppl who are like i wanna go bck to SI NY GOBACK&&STAYTHERE
i HATE how twitter randomly unfollows people!! AGHHH
London bound. O2 bound. Manics bound.
Relaxing on this beautiful Saturday
ashley_rossx i know. and i dont know what i'll do for the hour either, but its too late for brekky and too early for lunch. annoying.
justinbieber if i tell you that i can't stop see AllIWantForChristmasIsYou, what you will think about me? haha, i loved! PROUD 36
Might be getting this car..
Was just told distance is what's.keeping him from being with me....
one midget minced pie has 270 calories in it :o LOOOOOOL thats
Loool that was pretty funny :)
Andre_Creek please don't tell me your a lakers fan
&I was answerin all da questions he asked Prince 2myself... Lol
Okay officially think moths are like the grosses thing ever
I love my life, my family &the few friends I do have.
Dear Youtube, I would love to be able to watch a video without having to wait for it to load every five seconds
I just got the best news of my life! :) Sooo glad he's moving back <3
I hate rain it's so depressing
watching harrypotter part 2 for the first time. excited!!!
So I spent the weekend in Columbia. Today, two people told me that I gained weight and they didn't say it in the nicest o ways either.
500th tweet goes to... tstock1294 jFish23_BSUswag gentilRedDevil ajordy7 t_stolzzy27 JaceGentil11 Love you guys!
I wish that for once someone would come in my life & stay... Everyone always leaves.
What an amazing birthday weekend
Sucks when all your friends do drugs and are pill popping animals and that is deffffff not you
INTERVIEWQ macmiller no lie I just got chills thinkin about how he just sold 150k in the first week. No label. 1 album out there..
Dude hella pissed still. this is a i just dont give a eff day.
TaylorKayeRose I guess, we're not all blessed enough to have such fucking sexual names like Patricia.
I think every teenage girl goes through the phase of looking in the mirror, picking out her flaws and asking why me...
Eagles r so hard to fucking watch
Why can't people just be nice?
I guess I should start on my homework now...
Next class, WADE ROBSON!
I'm glad he called.
And now it's time to nervously sit in Denny's and force myself to eat something.
Is it me or are drivers on the roads idiots especially near Xmas,they don't hav a clue wat their doing
A day much needed in Cloudcroft with my boyfriend.
happy fuckin b-day 2 my homeboii Skintooo !!! have a nice day sgatt.. nd keep up the good work :D
Hate when people say they're goin to text me and they don't! Then when I text them they can't reply?!?!
for his over grown ass to be sittin on a computer all day ,
How am I supposed to focus on finals when all I can think of is Orlando in under a month?
Said my finally gdbyes to my job
The day I get to sleep in ...our fire alarms go off :/
Sweet revenge will be the first book with a custom shot cover design excited!
Calling it a night
seeing the boyfriend today. excited.
AJ Styles:  no one has suffered more from all the over the hill, name wrestlers (Bully Ray excluded) from WWE that turned up in
I never get any hi's back -_____-
Here's to renewed connections with old friends.
I hate it when I catch a wiff of someone elses fart.....
Cheers to the freakin long weekend! :)))
Everyones to wrapped up in hating eachother, there are kids who have almost nothing but love EVERYONE and every little thing they get.
Last exam today! At 2pm....
I can't get my nails done..
chasealford kassidyhill it has nothing to do with Alabama stuff. I keep thinking I get a text from someone, and then it's not
you know that point in the day where you can't remember if you actually had a conversation last night or just dreamt it?
Finally made it... Graduating today!!
If you gone text me back a hour later with one word you might as well not text me
I didn't go to see beyonce at oxegen bit rageing now she's pretty good on the tv now gota say !
well, i'm going to fail
No activity on twitter for twenty minutes? WHERE IS EVERYONE? DID THEY DIE?
Should be a fun night!
Wanted to play the rest of the season with a sprained finger anyway
ScandalousLizzy you're too far away!!!
Today was the first time in my life I was early for an appointment. Of course they are running 45 minutes behind.
For parents who raised me to find my own way. For a wife who makes life so fun. For kids who make me laugh & smile & hope everyday.
So glad that I am not takin the ACT tomorrow
PublicityAsia Hi Miss Joyce,just wanna ask kung tuloy p po ung team up ni Erich and Mario? Coz Erich is on FP's B.I. nanaman??
Forgot about Mr. Whites test tomarrow.......
Do not sing 'peanut butter jelly time' annoyed.
o_OiSeeUTweetin I dont know, is it due tomorrow? and oh boy I know im in for a treat
When I text you, it means i miss you. When i dont text you, it means i'm waiting for you to miss me.
If you ask me if I like you one more time, I'm going to srop liking you..
Oooo CelebBigBrother starts 5th Jan!! Excited!
Chinese all you in eat :D bliss!
I love taking risks never be afraid to take chances!!!!!
I'm too excited to see them!!! I wish I could fly!
Those days where you're so lazy and you wear pajamas all day....
I seee you found a real winner ... jokes .. embarrassing .
Just keep falling keep falling
Christmas eve dress has arrived.
Chillin at the doctors  .. Nervous Praying :/
MattTheCreator_ <3 your really doing the alicebucketlist :* proud (':
So ready for Christmas break!! 
Devote 5 minutes of your day to smiling, thereafter it will come naturally.
jvdarapsinga last nite at venu. seeing fights break&not discouraging them is like eggin em on if ur a celeb. Then outside4shot
never let a niiga or a bitch who anit worth it take yo pride...
I will never understand why people just refuse to respond to text messages. Like I know you got it, just write me back.
Man, siri is pretty good at telling me she can't help me. Eg twitter and business search outside US
Losing a customer is never easy, you'll truly be missed
AlexConstancio7 Make my day please.Follow me? depressed askalex 2
When are the video diaries coming back?!
Hates when people bring there kids to a restaurant and all they to is yell and scream like seriously control our kid
God has patience for us
Feel like something is missing.
Just dropped zee iPhone in water... Pretty quick grab = what seems to be zero damage surprised hurray!
I can name 36 states in America.
The snow makes me really happy :D
>.< patience is a virtue I dnt have
going to rochester with darylkeen in the morning for a charles dickens village fair- excited!!!!
Ugh, having BillyCrystal hosting the Oscars sucks. I understand he used to be synonymous with the show, but that was then.
The ending of cool runnings
Im so fucking lonely.
OohYoNameTati I'm at the comp lab -___- haha where do you wanna go eat! And I gotta do my classes! :((((
Accepted into salve regina!!!
mi primer dia en el consultorio, en camino a ser una exelente odontologa :D
Looking forward to this week!
He's everything that I need/want... Happy <3
“lifes_a_blonde: alcohol is bottled confidence, just like diamonds are the shiny rock form of happiness love”
Shutting down the computer and realizing you still need it..
Woke up at 3 back to sleep at 6? Missed the family bbq k
Finally friday and celebrating MOL! :)
Be around people that inspire you!
This Semester Needs To End annoyed.
justinbieber UNDERTHEMISTLETOE IS THE BEST CHRISTMAS ALBUM EVER! WE CAN TELL THAT YOU WORKED SO HARD ON IT! WELL DONE BIEBER! PROUD 2
LADYHOOOP benjing1976 antonija misura ? Elle c'est un fake. Miss monde avec un maillot de basket !
left phone at home.
it never fails! hmmmm
TimetoAdmit Im dissapointed I cant tell Maria how I feel.
TefLybeck i love my adopted mother
texted the mr. even though i shouldn't. not like he responds anyway.
Icanadmit i play little stupid games with guys...but not cause i want to i hate that shxt, its bcuz thats what the worlds come to
You got your hands up, you're rocking in my truck. You got the radio on, you're singing every song.
i wanna be deep inside your
Not only do I get to meet Hailey with kyledjames in 5 days, I get to see her again on my visit on the 5th :)
I'm Getting Tired Of My Aunt Moee After Christmas I Don't Want Shit To Do With Her
rachele09 Ohmygod! Was he really? He thinks he's 20, I swear!
24 hours and I'll be on a plane to Dallas to see my papa with marissaann07 !!!
The Kohls commercial is killing me.... Make it stop...make it STOP!!!!
Can't deny a feeling that there's no rung within reaching distance at the moment.
My daddy wouldn't buy me a goldfish at the pet store
i let my dog sleep with me cause i love her.... but she snores SOOO DAMN LOUD
Laura2011yo Laura why are you still not following me? I thought we were friends
we been threw so much & still manage to be together .
my ankles are killllling me
Mixed CDs are one of my favorite things of all time.
WER D@ FEMALES ET
Yay for a 3.2 gpa this semes
Watching the Tigres del Norte and Friends DVD
lmao, i just taught my 14 year old step brother how to dougie
purplecityMAD nichtje MissCaramellips miss je wa Love!!
L.o.v.e. is such a BIG word; for only four little letters
Lets keep leaving Kansas open 4 3
The excitement of all the Christmas shows coming up for the next month....can hardly wait. Feeling like a kid again....
can't believe i missed looking at the clock at 11:11 on 11-11-11.
It's just Sad &'d Depressing !
k, don't reply to me on twitter if you're gonna delete your responses.
About to surprise hailey at her school
MzCurvacious thanks for the shout sis
Going to eat with Danielle and sabrina. :)
I'm still young
i have all county band audition on Monday and i am sacred.
Idc if the Meatball sub IS only $2 this month...that shit taste like beaver balls injected with camel spit!
“Edward Cullen : Then ask me the most basic question..What do we eat? Rob Patz : Oh God..Cheeseburgers”  —DvD commentary Twilight
Mischa B is probably the ugliest looking yoke iv ever seen. She revolts me.
Try to scroll down and the phone mistakes it as clicking the block button.
I mean yeah it's annoying and kind of hurts
So oomf really felt the need to hit her up and tell her I got somebody's number???? Check your facts twatching bitches...
I need a job ASAP!!!
Back to work tomorrow night to earn some money over christmas ! Not poured a pint in 3 months :/
Dark when I drive to school, dark when I drive home. depressing.
this game is gonna come down to the last seconds
Bring your love, baby I can bring my shame wickedgames TheWeeknd
tonight better be poppin! got 3 or 4 places to go.
LilTwist Just earlier this year, u was a XXL Freshman. Now ur debut album is coming out soon & ur only getting BIGGER & BETTER! PROUD :')
Let's just end this. NOW!!
Wish this could all be just a nightmare :(
- i LOVE working in stratfordcity westfield meet some amazing people.. and it only takes 13 mins to get to work!!
today could be a really really good day or the worst day of my life.
I feel so loved today. Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes! happy  (:
That awkward moment when you go to a movie by yourself.
T-minus 13 hours(ish) until my boyfriend arrives in good old Miami!
history exam here i come...
JenaeHansen  but I want to be the 300 follower.
Great. One espresso and I can't breathe. Bloody
I wanna be hold right now as I cry !
This time next week I'l b sunning myself on the beach
If you're like 80 years old you should be hitting on young girls -_-
Why do people sound so desperate on twitter to find someone to love..
I miss my phone :(
Already friday aaand next week is only 3 days of school? This should be good
My dads the kinda dad if I said. Oh mums in hospital my dad wud probs rob a bunch of flowers from the hospital shop Tense lmao
wishing Ash was still sitting up here with me at work...
Unsolved Mysteries just did a special on the chupacabra.
Any band that covers killing in the name is legit in my book
OMMGGG. i fucking hate group projects. some people are fucking stupid.
i really don't see the need to have homework every night in this fucking class, it's so annoying
The girl's laugh of Ridiculousness is soooo freaking annoying.
Buffy the vampire slayer
XGlitterGlam_S adamlambert unfortunately the stream is not working for me!!:(((
Ive just had to unfollow ant and dec cos they just filled my twitter feed for the last 2 hours with Retweet quotes...
Hate drinking the night before, I always wake up too early!!!
Gonna to hit dis market up tomorrow
I don't like when my computer refuses to Save, claiming I have too many documents open when there's only the one. Nope. Not at all.
Just saw the saddest thing ever!!! A boy in 11th grade didn't know how to put his address on an envelope
Wow that was embarrassing
tonight, even the rain doesnt sound peaceful or calming
I hate when people get me upset!! I am beyond
Calling me the moment you got outta school cause you knew I was home sick earned you major brownie points
Mom, shut the fuck up!
lhntran it was my stupid debit card :( I'm
I feel faint and my head hurts....
Waking up at 6:15 for school is a pain in the ass.
i hate when my phone shuts off when im in the middle of a text
Well actually I fell on my head .. hurt .
I HATE dave on storage wars.
last made in chelsea
Why has 90210 not been on for two weeks??
I'm up at 5am and cannot sleep :( someone sing me a lullaby?
repeatedly playing Cannonball and tearing up a little(': after seeing how far LittleMixOffic have come since Judges Houses(: Proud xxx
SO happy that after today, the days start to get longer again!!! I HATE when it gets dark so early
Country songs make me miss you.
Feel Like a Lil Kid..
shake it up shake it up the hapinesss wake it up wake it up x-masss
I once had a friend who had her kids in a state school in Vic. They have AN HOUR of religious study A WEEK!!
Studying for finals after work
TeamMileyNY omg!!!! I'm soooo
Wow. All that waiting for nothing
how the eff and i supposed to watch tv when the damn cable isnt working?!
KeyshiaDior I received my confirmation email from paypal so that means my neonrockstar is in route!
Damn i fuck wit yo mental like that sad  ~~~>
MCorn24 my bad dude... i did that when i got 1k .... i was jus so
This Girl Clearly Can't Make Up Her Mind About Which One To Review, Its Not Rocket Science!
Jesus cinne bun cereal...the things you do to me...
Im never giving up on this but sometimes I just don't get you.
Slice o' punkin' pie number two, Johnny Cash singing hymns, and journal articles.
Ugh I swear I will cry if I don't get one act or DI:/
Grrr, runny nose, sore throat and general uncomfortableness
My first acting class ever in 30 mins! I've been freaking out for weeks now.. I'm scared that I won't be able to do it :(
My sister will seriously not stfu about this damn boy shes talking to I dont know him I dont care!!
I am one well used, well stuffed, tuckered out fox.  Perpetuating the  stereotype, and sharing the bliss.
BTCare Any updates as to when my Broadband service will return? It's been over 24 hrs now!
Killing ppl always feels better when you can't think I'm going in to kill em
On holiday til 4th January .... Nicely chilled wiv a beer
The longer and longer i have to wait, the more i think i have to find a new summer job
Just when you think you've failed, you realize you know all the words to the Big Bang Theory theme song.
Can't wait for Castle tonight and to hang with jessanneholland all Thanksgiving week!! Gonna be great!!
What's wit college coaches these days they all trying to rape somebody dang id rather them get caught doing drugs or something
willwood233 the worst thing is when you buy some expecting it to be bit-less and you've accidentally bought the one with bits in!
This Stranger Just Kik Me. Ain't Talk Too Him iN a Min!
- this girl in lotus flower bomb video hair is gelled up like a hoodrat
my bear never came home. -______-
Met Papa bellen =D
Made the basketball team, ready for the season to start <3
Our LA life is all packed up and stored! Thank you, Sheri (Our LA Mom)! Nxt up, final Jones fam c3churchla connect group!
Everytime I get a text from you I smile
I gotta charge my phone all the way up before I leave the house..because when that shyt go dead I be looking hurt lol
Looking at engagement rings for my brother. He's so excited oh man I cant wait for the proposal
20 min till the second episode of teen mom 2 comes on!
Done with me first term in college!
My mood just went from good to bad in a matter of 60 seconds.
Um.. its plain to see if i dont respond....
Finding out what God has in store for my life is so exciting:) There's no telling how far you can go until you trust Him.
justinbieber I can't wait till ThisIsJustinBieber in less than an hour! excited 16
And at times like now it is when I hate not living in the UK, lots of chances to meet the boys. Lucky the people who get to meet them
TaraSavy22 don't even get me started. I will never ever use that word again
Back to my normal hours
TGfireandice That was by far the worst devils hockey I have ever seen. Brutal play up and down the ice. disgusted.
realizing now what hurts you only makes you stronger.
Christmas is so close all I want is my iPad :)
GO AWAY. STOP CALLING ME. STOP TEXTING ME.
I hate it when I'm just like doing nothing, but feel as though I can't get enough air into my lungs or something.
You know it's a good day when your family is all mad at you so wether your sent there or not your stuck in your room
Woke up feelin sum kind of way, but yet I'm still
I just hate those people who randomly stop Texting back right in the middle of a good conversation!
I've never had so much in common with Akon.
ridingabuffalo KCBurdog  Mike Leach to WSU. Jayhawks really gonna have to get going to excite the fanbase!
Just realized I missed my 200th tweet :(
DareOfTheDay try turning your phone off for an hour. completely off. I dare you. count how many times you try to get on it.
thickNherhips hey don't be sad n feeling down honey:( everyone loves YOU including me
Harry Belafonte and Louis Gossett Jr schooling us on C Span, NAACP conv in July.
Cody_Murphy21 -congrats on the award tonight bestfriend! proud :)
marybethash alimacmacmac our manager is a jerk
Got fucked over to many times...n i finally realize it
Amazing how much more we grow together no matter what...
alisterew yessssss!!! You did it
DonnieWahlberg morning Donnie :) I am thankful for you and all you've done more than you know! LOVE!!
Off to my first marketing trip!
Being old has nothing to do with anything, it's who you are..Age aint nothing but a number, Learn your facts
I want to play ATLA but the hombres are hogging the tv!!
Never thought I'd be that girl whose phone goes off during a final
I want somebody to play Strip Basketball with!!!!!
My freaking lip ring came out;  Ughhhh
I feel like its 11 o'clock?. anxious.
I think I've had more dr appointments the last two weeks then my whole life
Get to watch the beautiful drewryniewicz tonight.
aaugusta07 isn't he the cutest ;)
Christmas is on it's way! ...
I missed the chance of meeting the one that i always wanted to meet YasserHareb
Yay! Serendipity is on! I love this movie so much :)
Mmmmmm. That is one amazingly delicious chicken caesar salad wrap. Yummm
Just made my mums curried pasta for the first time.
ladygaga I can make u homemade pizzelle cookies anytime!! U tell me where to send them to!
Its money over thereRT zeus305: I got sum xmas shopping to do
Breaking Dawn with Brianna
tp318 ima have to hear about this. excited.
ECollana20 Anytime and alrighty. I wish i didn't have to go, im seriously going to lose it in the middle of the day. how
Sleeping on the couch cause my bed is just not that confortable anymore
I've had an epiphany. Yes. Another one. I'm getting rid of all the negative assholes in my life. I'm young. I'm going to live it up.
Why am I the only person who can't get up to a million in temple run
My hair smells like straight up smoke. disgusting !
It's weird how one little person can change your life forever and give you the strength that you really need.
My sub in talon 20 wont stfu!
Aw there is a cute young lesbian couple breaking up at the Starbucks in Barnes and Noble.
Chris Colfer's sense of humor seriously shined last night. He's so hilarious without going overboard, which is even better.
Just realized I need to root for the Packers on Thursday
Day 2 of auditions today.
my mom's in love with qdoba now
2 weeks till ABCFpll ! excited !! :D
jgray246 I finish work today aswell
Sitting back and thinking bout the past.. And asudhama boy have you been there for me for all of it<3
Hate it when you were just gonna do something and then forget like straight away
New Ink would be
I absolutely hate the packers.
“Elani_joubert: wow our blog is doing amazingly well, I am so proud! thanx frederiika fieela” // neee, dankie vir jou!
DeathStarPR That literally makes no sense at all...
Listening to some country while lounging by the pool.
Can silver glen be open yet? ughh
Great news today; beyond ready for this huge life changing experience
easy_e28 smh just wakin up...alarm went off at 815 and I laughed. Again at 1015 I made breakfast n got back in the bed
Doing AIS soooon:) yeeeeees <3
Change the World, change the game
Had a great day longleat yesterday with my family. Harrison loved meeting Father Christmas & watching the singing Christmas tree.
I hate these commercials!!
Should trains have squeaky floorboards?
2 more hour and ITS CAMP DAY! yayayyayayaya!
Aint nothing like a hot shower and then oil down your body afterwards
Bestfriend movie time
strings2273 what about all the couples that can't conceive that are man and a women. Marriage isn't about children
Dinner and movies with moonrisestables <3
Going to take out money got tithes then everything else is going on my ticket
Alright. Lets see if I can fall asleep.  I'm so anxious !
Oh noo! Will be singing the doxology at my Tita's Wedding. Im so deaaaaad! :O
I love when niggas is talkin shit while I'm killin!! Then i hit yo ass for game n u still talkin LOVE!! MuchLove!
Jumper has been on the radiator.
Holla for the 3 day week! Then off to Chitizzle...
Watching Twilight preparing for breaking dawn tonight(:
I just realized that tomorrow all the christmas lights will be on at the street next to mine.
Together, JimGaffigan and I have more than 805,400 followers. Impressive, right?
BlackrThaBerry Ughh no girl!! Im hopin I do sumthin soon...Im jus eating and gettin bigger..lol...depressing lmao
some people are unbelievable, lets grow up shall we...
I hate attention seekers!!
Damn Lee Corso, if everybody just dropped the F bomb all the time it would be a sad, sad world..
It says its going to snow tomorrow EXCITED !!!
Theres 3 bands i would die to go & see: Coldplay Snow Patrol Artic Monkeys - Im going to see Coldplay in 8 days! 1 down, 2 to go.
I was a mistake.. What went wrong.. Can someone tell me I'm soo gone
I swear, he's THEE cutest thing ever
its nationalcupcakeday today and Kim_Willetts hasn't made me any!
Driving down the road, chicken poo fertilizer put on farmland smells like chocolate brownies at low concentrations thru AC...
1DCyberpunk omg omg omg omg omg
whats this BS about adele, two to three years?
just wanna know what it's like to be loved.
Dead day tomar...n we off...
wins 9 out of 33 and the coach is not part of the problem. That mentality IS the problem.
CGSmoove yeah man for real i gt 3 jobs now and aint really got nothing to pay so i shop!.....
Community, Office, big bang theory and Glee and a bottle of wine that's my plans for the night.
kManish86 its time u learnt how to answer calls
Even tho Im in my midnight i love my life and the ppl Im it Happy Blessed =)
Preliminary artwork designs are done, with only minor tweaks needed, excitement levels are definitely on the up.
Doesn't matter what mood I'm in the second I watch hole in the wall I'm immediatily
I got my report yesterday & my grades for languages were pretty good. Dutch 70%,  English 78%, French 82% and German 91% :)
two days full of straight shopping? I think I can definitely handle that. 
The heart sees what's invisible to the eye.
<~~ sitting in this cold ass room waiting for my dr
You hung up on me.. Again.
Ughhhh people need to hurry up
Today was not that bad today
My mom talks to me like I'm 6...
so outta of it right now man.......seriously
Todays gonna be a good day
girls who speak like dudes
Gonna have fun with KaitlinLoraine tonight.
S/0 to jehovah fa waking me ^! !
toxic_diva I finally got my interview 2mor in the morning...
stupennebaker As long as you're nice tomorrow, I'll me able to take you being mean, every now and thenn. ; ) <3
Happy Birthday Matt words couldn't describe how much everyone misses you. One day we will celebrate with you again R.I.P Matt Kennedy
I hate when im trying to go back to sleep and my mom buts the TV on blast
I hate when people keep saying the same thing over and over until they are acknowledged..
all this talk about finals is gettin me
Awwwh Man My Sister Might Not Be Coming Home...
New years eve with the jerk face :)
Tomorrow first is a special day for me:)
Another beautiful day God has promised me
Michael_Spear mate go cinema n see the third one it'll shit u up
Why is it raining it should be snowing and we should have no school tomorrow :(
Harvard at Connecticut; this is about to be a good game
imFKNawesome the offense is playing so conservative and scared
When i get my own place, I will take care of my Christmas lights.
I'm so ready to see dallasblkdance do Vespers tonite!!!!
even thou i have the devil tryna steal my joy....i wont let em
I just wanna be normal!
too bad i dont have the right to say something
I hate this class! People need to grow up and learn when to shut their mouths!
Fighting the urge to drive 45 min to Hobby Lobby today for Christmas decorations. I miss my Hobby Lobby so much.
Much needed reunion with my PG girls tonight :)
I hate when guys old enough to be my dad stare .
NP Thompson Square - Are you gonna kiss me or not
whats thee point of having a phone if you never freakin answer it
lizflackk haha, creeping at its finest.
Can FINALLY go back to obsessing over Marissa Paternoster . . .
Trying to look past the negatives to the positives. Almost impossible.
It's the little things in life. Now time for bed!!
Got out of my car and dropped my phone.....
I put my bbm and not even a minute ppl start to annoy me seriously!
If these little kids don't be quiet , im gonna freak
Last class & then my vacation beginssss! :)
I Love You So Much.! Love.
Traffic jam with edsheeran blasting out the speakers and a giggly godson!
Well. I thought this trend was about Kevin James, not the lame ass Jonas' :P     Proud of Kevin J ='s
So grateful ~ for technology ~ allowing us all ~ to share ~ such eloquent words ~ chat ~ banter ~ and
Is this the end of the era? Looks like giltgroupe has stopped offering the deep discounts they used to be known for.
OMG just signed onto facebook and some of my friends are ranting about the ammendments to civil union in QLD - writing blog now.
annahopelehnen I know but let's be honest it's been like 5 years science we hung out....
Ok really ???? 2 bloody noses today?!??? Watch I'll get one at work when we have a huge line
christmas shopping in the city :))
Can't wait to get my license
Some people definitely know how to overstay their welcome...
i am so warm & comfy.
why do people, comment about other peoples relationship. i legit don't get it.
I'm craving a double espresso milkshake from Java...WHY ISN'T JAVA IN STATES??! -___-
Deliberately crashed my jet into a enemy helicopter in the air on Battlefield DIDN'T GET ANYTHING FOR IT!
Already counting down the days till Christmas break..... School = Hell
Today was just negative but I chose to be positive :)
trying to get zaynmalik to follow me! so
ArteagaYeah yeah men! mañana llamo a Claudia y le aviso de a qe hora llego (;
pizza for dinner ... So much for my healthy eating.
I wish I could see a livestream. Baby Jesus? Santa? Being a grown up really sucks. In 2011. At Christmas.
laying in bed with we the kings on repeat.
Just seen mrs gittings
B- in physics is probably the best Christmas present so far!
IT WAS YOUR POWER PLAY
Alvin and the chipminks shipwrecked?
I was going to come home and fuck with my roommates.... But i don't want to be an ass after what my sister just texted me .
love how these two boys are fighting over me.
Its like you do it on purpose..
Going to be a good day
My sister wears all my clothes now like its her wardrobe.
LisaDaronatsy it is 59 here!!!! Crazy! But I'm not complainin haha
I just wanna watch really sad movies & cry .
..just one of those nights, where you listen to sad songs laying in your bed, wishing you had someone to be right by your side. lonely </3
hanging with my sister and mom today... Shopping for my sister's baby...
Two in love can make it, take my heart and please don't break it.
Humf. I was supposed to have a visitor or 2 today but in pretty sure that's not happening
Worst feeling ever: when you text someone and they don't text back.. and you know he got your messages. </3
kelseykaiser50 story of my life. They're just mad that some girls are better than them at the same sport.
SCREAM!!! These twinkle lights are not Twinklinggrrrmadfrustrated.
Can't wait until Christmas!
Mom's wrapping presents!
..discovered yesterday of his stroke condition, his bird drawing therapy and him completing a new album despite difficulties
DaRealMattMatt Wooow matt matt got the PJ  and the killer penguins but still using directtiv???
Had one of the best weekends ever and met some of the coolest people alive.
Every Teardrop is a Waterfall Love coldplay.
No school tomorrow ,so happy (:
Never told someone you love them unless you really do, or you end up hurting someone's little girl
NFC East is the 2nd worst division in football with the AFC South in 1st
Parents are pretending they care about football...
I NEED to be able to walk without being in pain tonight since its Cru Barn Dance!
Popped into BJ's tattoo studio today with rosieoutlook to talk tattoo designs, sooo excited to see what gets drawn up!
Stop changing your profile picture over and over again so it comes up on people's news feeds so you get likes
“OnBorrowDtyme: We spend more time mad at each other that we do jus enjoying each other sad”
I'm really mad that my camera died p last night
rheaacoxheaad wait until next year.
Ew why is my mom so obsessed with twilight.
I have a good feeling about this,
Finally getting back close to my normall bench weight
Love each other as I have loved you. Greater love has no one than this, that he lay down his life for his friends. - John 15:12
HollyGiering Hahaha yeeeah he needs to just get over himself. He thinks he's so cool but he's actually not... nofriends embarrassing ;)
sophomopho omg it was a joke..
Daamn! All the things you can do when you stop acting shy and when you just live your life to the fullest !
jealous that 2/3 of my roomies are already home for TG break
I HATE painting my nails I mess them up about 30 seconds after I finish.
Can i skip tommorrow & it just be saturday
I hate cats! What is their motivation to rub up against you every 5 seconds?
This underclassman does not appriciate str8upbryan 's last tweet!
Can't imagine how anything could of went better. Time to sit back and let God decide what needs to be done.
_LISAOUYANG than you :) you would come the weekend Im out of town! :(
just got home. nice afternoon with my man. tonight = chillaxing, sushi, and snuggles. love love love. :)
When Tlauderbaugh_14 made fun of my singing to my 9 year old cousin form his birthday<<< :)
hollyoaks is trending!! whoo!! Proud ;)
All I am is a fuck up in life.
LETS GET THS CAKE <3
MARCYelago_ Smh. Them chaps still got a lot to learn & WE still got money to burn!Look over ignorance. They way beneath you fooly..
flula you see the masterful usage of full moons and manipulation by Doctor Dave tonight on Grimm?
No NBA so far!
Tired of my mom always thinking I'm so damn bad and all that when whole time I havnt done half that shit like stfuuuu :/ !!
OKAY we get it you partied all night, but get the fuck off twitter about it
Note to rural pay office: I worked for rural press last financial year so YOU were meant to pay my copyright money
I can't believe that after thanksgiving I didn't gain weight. I actually lost it !
hate when people tweet about how the day sucks. like we get it, you're in school- everyone knows it sucks
And I hate to tell you too much cause I stay with too much
Just had dinner with the fiance and NoahJamesMit and discussed the wedding and recipes..
no shave november is over.
planning to meet someone important this week
Couch in my room
Special shout out to all the vets that sacrificed themselves for their country. Takes a lot of guts. For that im
its going down tonight
Making art with my mommy
_cisum Baritone lessons tomorrow ? :D
Jozi's new song is shit -_-
That moment when you're falling asleep then you suddenly hear noise.
turkey day family timeeeee. twitter on my phone is not working right now. -_-
ijcward Thanks John. One Day at a time
Im really not looking foward to 4 Days in Mexico :( There gonna be sooooooooooo long and slow agh
piggers10 did anyone check to make sure he's not still sat in village?
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Love my family and being home
I miss going on midnight runs. Oh Florida, I cannot wait to see you!
hate when i'm tryna explain something, but can't explain it
Good morning tweeps, the very thought that I don't have to go to Office today is ready-made Bliss !
HarryMaxwell aaagghhh i cant reply 2ur msg!!sumthings being goin on wiv my Inbox all day!!!think its the ridiculas spam i get!!!
I miss my sister more than anything.. depressed ftp imissyou HayNichols3
i can't believe this is actually happening...
I CLEARLY told this girl that I have a girlfriend. And she keeps messaging me. Now she's putting boobs in my ask box!
GOT CHURCH IN THE AM... DON'T WANA GO,  BUT I AM
Its gonna feel so good leaving school nd cumin to u!. ;)
Having to ride the bus today. Can't even play temple run cause the bus won't quit hitting bumps.
I always misspell everything because my phones retarded.
A day and a half 'til home. Can't wait to breathe and relax.
Looks like it'll be a long night at the library
Wow breaking dawn was actually so good!  
justinbieber justinbieber I CANT EVEN MEET U , u never came the middle east ! depressed . ]]][';
Happy thoughts! Happy thoughts! Happy thoughts!
God damn it. I hate not being able to see what thos little iPhone boxes are.
OMG ! Its Friday . I am so proud of this week . It went by so fast !
Curled up with magic stars and watching a film
going on the LMFAO consert in oslo!!!
i honestly love the show Friends. it makes me laugh happy:)
Sometimes I really hate speech class.
I get blamed for everything in my family accidentchild unloved neglected lol
stupid fingers - stop shaking. I gotta keep texting.
Men seriöst. DÖ, människor. DÖÖÖÖ.
my only lovely brother MoneyOnHamp_ was sick today . i hope he feels better . love .
Anyone coming into Wgc Mcdonalds today and orders a cheese, ham, double burger or big mac...yeah I made them!
My bestie arrives today!!!!
She not replying to that text
Watching The Tudors with the family. Best show ever and happy to be with the fam bam.
My brother is a mega nose-whistler.
, i need to knooeeee if your 'OK' D;< am sooo frustrated .
Let me figure out I figured out what they stole from my car...My got damn Aux cord! Left my 80 dollars and took my cords! -__- but
Bad day turned around by a sweet gesture of bohemiannicole bringing me a treat for my favorite place! themusecoffeeco :)
Officially on Christmas Break!!!!
I just broke into my house cause I forgot my keys
I'm not mad that you broke up with me, I'm mad because you couldn't tell me yourself, you had my cousin tell me
Eeeep downloading Drake's new album!
Mom orderd my vocal microphone and recording tools for a early xmas present...
mohaleV Julius S Malema at least it seem as if he will be moved from our face
did something happen...? uh oh
nickmerico can you make an album already?!
The best wood I ever got was from a white guy
Found my Bieber dog tag!! <3
skillshare : T-1 day till our class!
So many tears so many memories
FOLLOW MY OFFICIAL TWITTER PAGE NOW!! ---> MeechMerlo ..much
TBanks859 I know it's always awesome!!! I normally go every Christmas but I haven't been yet and it's
Probably the worse driving I have done ever.
sjsmith92 She didn't even ask me to go with...
One time for my granny up in heaven tonight.
Sick of being left out
Dont bother trying to have a conversation with me if your going to text me back 45 min. Later.
I'm so proud of Justin like a mama is proud of her son :') <3 proud justinbieber
Thanks to Neil Diamond's performance I am now even hungrier.
2 more days, 2 more days, 2 more days
MeHeartDerrickM oo pagod din kami. see you!
Damn goin threw sone scary ish :-\
Can't wait for tonights birthday celebrations for Benjamin_Rayner 20th. Works not even started and I'm wishing it to be finished!
Today at work I had carolers who brought me cider & coffee, boss got pizza for lunch and then we made a gingerbread house
asherroth how can you title an album Pabst & Jazz and not put on a show in Milwaukee?
CHILDISH OLD PEOPLE! You'd think they'd lived long enough too be mature! guess not. Sad.
been chosen to carry the olympic torch as it makes its way through Scotland - apparently im an inspiration
When you give, you're happy. Show me a giving person and I'll show you a happy person. The happiest people in the world are givers.
I won't b home for
NICKIMINAJ announcing when her new album is gonna drop, the album cover & all. On the day of pink Friday anniversary! Duh barbz EXCITED ;)
Had to leave the bay this morning in come to school I hope this will be a good day
This Is Justin Bieber EM PRIMEIRO NOS TT'S
It's really rainin hail -___-
when i riped... my pants spongebobsquarepants.... i can relate
BlOoP bLoOp BlOoP! YAY! Christmas party scavenger hunt tonight with my buddy!
Why must you play video games while you're on the phone with me.? >.< ANNOYED .
The last of Dannys gifts came in the mail today :-)
Sometimes you got to do what you hate to help those you
I'm in such a good mood right now
Got ma Bacon, Egg, an Cheese combo. !
Sitting in the airport
From now on if i watch t.v its gone be christmas movies
bovidiva Wow. That's too bad, I enjoyed your articles in the past and I thought cheap rhetoric was beyond you.
my grandma said if she owned a  company she only going to hire white people.
Chris Brown and Kanye West don't have the best personalities, but I will never stop loving their music.
Why do all MAC makeup brushes shed.
Dude that works with spastickmunkey told him he's sorry he's married. He told the kid I'm awesome & that I'd probably kick his ass
This man said he doesn't have a type
Maddi Q is now county cross country runner as well as county hockey and city swimmer wahey
CharlieKrokus i know!!! taylor_lange do you know where those are!!?
At least we played 3.8 quarters of good ball...
Angelikakaka Apparently enough I'm not worth speaking to unless twitter is somehow involved
My stomach wont stop growling
Off on a date soon with an actual butch gym going man...
WengLaza jeckfierce msrachyg divine_writes omgitsj0anne jenessasays DA_GURLZ over a decade and still going strong.
kasuwell unfollowing!! How many times do u have to retweet ur mix tape
Blessed to see another day thanks to God
I have never subtweeted my friends on here in a bad way/tweeted about their problems in a sneak dissing manner a couple omf do that Sad !!!
LIVE Message Update: Symphony X and Iced Earth = METAL =
I love having a husband who loves to cook. He's making us French toast and eggs this morning : )
Where's my boyfriend when i need him?
Forget get friday it's all about crimbo eve fancy dress with the football lads!
St james' best stadium by far !
Bitches be Having Bbys Like Cats Having Kittens rt...
Hoping I get an iphone at best buy on friday!!!!!
I only allowed myself only to read one chapter in the new PLL book because I needed a book to read at school! 
Tomorrow is another monday, gotta finalize my rsvp for my internship things and start going over the paperwork
You know it's going to be a fabulous effin day when your skin and makeup look like ASS from the beginning.
Females being/talking wit ya manu 24/7 isn't cute... in fact its the total opposite plus
The first time we met .. <3
5 yrs ago God blessed my wife and I with 2 beautiful little girls. Happy BDay Jenna and Makayla.
i really hate biologgyy!!  Argh
EverybodyHasThat1Friend that you know you can always rely on no matter what situation your in
adamranallINK I guess we are even since you didn't even say bye when you left taco bell
I hate it how people talk about governmental issues like they actually KNOW what's going on in the world.
Im so done with rumors..how do people even come up with this stuff?
Couldn't be more excited to get this diss handed in tomorrow, then a few more days up north til im back home with my cardiff girls :)
When I get a text from you, I just can't stop smiling.
I think we've all learned to never attend Virginia Tech.
if my iphone doesnt come in about 2.8 seconds i might flip out
ngl, i've had a really productive today:)
SPOTTED... Simon Mayo in the Gaylord, W1!
Ultimo dias de
You're my ex for a reason, I don't understand why you insist on trying to come back in my life. I'm doin better
hanging with enma at pics before meet
ThingsThatNeedToEnd fat girls taking picture with their fat hanging out
I hate that feeling when your alone
Going to see the nutcracker today!
Why havent i talked to my boyfriend since yesterday..
Haven't slept for more than 3 hrs , home to knock out
If I can survive til 4 pm Thursday, I'll be happy af
InsaineDwaine yEASTONfection ass_hull nick_pesek T-minus 10 hours...RAGE!!!
Ja_lyssa79 I've always wondered about this as well.
Coming home 2day for good!!!
when the last sentence of your paper doesn't fit and you have to waste another piece of paper....
Grr, When something you're about to buy is no longer listed online!
Finals here I come
I feel like shit every time I have to force a puppy into the kennel.
Cookie dough & towie makes me
“letsbereal God is the reason we receive our blessings and happiness!!
k80babyy yeah i do. Lets do something fun:) ahh maybe go to a punching bag haha
TheTennisPhenom bottle Join the club buddy.... Join The Club. Wwwaaiit!!! Why doesn't it work for me??
had a heart to heart with my dad today and yesterday..imma a crybaby but it was needed...my daddy loves me..and told me
My mom is gonna let me go to the casting call!!! Yay(:
Jus had my slow moment of the day....tried to use my kroger plus card at Walmart
anoka is theee dumbest school ever
Even though we couldn't get into the city .. the boy & I had a fabulous night - dinner in hoboken & drove around looking at xmas light
ZoomDanyZoom can't ride a bike.
She just asked me have I ever bout a thong from Victoria's secret .... Momma!!!
breathing / you in / hearts beating / together
iSkittlesNerd u r even cooler every minute!!
My sister cousin told me a while ago she made the decision to be
Baby I'm feeling no stress I'm to fly to b
justinbieber UNDERTHEMISTLETOE IS THE BEST CHRISTMAS ALBUM EVER! LOVE ALL THE SONGS, IT'S AMAZING PROUD :) 28
you aren't google. stop acting like you know everything.
Fb is full of KPOP news.
I MADE 100% ON MI TEST 2DAY YAYYY ME..PROUD..!!! :)
So Ciana_TaKyla93 and I are trying to relieve some things but nothing is worst when you can't get your black to light..
Album Here and Now
I WANNA CUDDLE :(   LONELY lMAO
davidwalks AustinHagee So glad to be a part. Thank you for investing in me!
ND UM THANKFUL FOR THEM ALL!!!!!  BECUZ SUM FOLKS DONT GOT FA!!! LET ALONE 2SIDES!!!
bro, you have a girlfriend. Why the f would you grab my ass?
NickAHolt tomsexton andrewrobinson_ somehow I managed to get left of this elite crew?!
JasCol29 you're not wrong pal. 43 unbeaten yet still in the same league position. Shite.
I love when every radio station is on commercial..annoying!
Pasta never tastes bad
Seen 3 does this morning, no horns.
amhistorymuseum i love the star spangled banner exhibition!
My brother is on his way home Love :)
Male singers are the greatest things to ever be introduced to the world
oomf said we goin to see puss in boots whenever im ready
I just bought a Glamour Shots photo shoot from Living Social. I'm so excited I always wanted a Glamour Shots photo session.
1 hour to go GGV na Jamich is in the house! :) ilovejamich
Well, 2 niggas done got fired last night and its awful slow and quiet in this bitch.
Miley and Liam made hottest couple <3
My boyfriend is so abusive & mean T_Fly_3
BG Gospel Choir Fall Concert today!! super
Rappers talkin about fuckin other guys bitches.... Give it a break lol.
On our way to DisneyHollywoodstudios to see the Dancing lights excited KaylaShaleaD DisneyParks
Listening to opieandanthony and playing
mcholloway13 holycrap! Your hair is so long!
Wish i could go black friday shoppingn But nooo i cant cause i am in the poconos :/
Home by myself day 2, cleaning
Discussing hemorrhoids and anal fissures. These things NO ONE is thankful for. Well, I guess they're better than cancer, so...
JerrySandusky is facing 50 counts of child molestation
sry4theapplew8 I never hated you
Monday jus means it is hang out time with my little monster
I thought menace2theworld was coming home for lunch for a quicky!  I was naked and waiting! disappointed.    :(
tomorrow is going to be awesome!
Raffi705 there is hardly an inch this morning at my house
My church family loves me.
Napping before the meet... nervous!
I was passing out magnum rubbers last night after these two bros. Said they don't use rubbers wtf
can uu say quality time for me and my bae this whole time we out of school that's that
Not feeling well still
I'm ALWAYS three minutes late to school ... No matter what time we leave.  
spanish is sooo fuckin dumb y do we HAVE to take this class to graduate its fuckin studpi
There's a fine line between being confident & being cocky.
Hope Arriva look forward to my complaint even though they probably won't do anything because they're useless.
Prosa klasiks are pure stupid, ridiculous & dont make any sense. What's the freaking point of studying it?!?
turnoff when girls take forever to reply and think they are the center off the universe
I loooove my mama....her advice is always the truth and on point...with a side of comedy!!!
Yeah we zijn er
WHEN I SEE STUFF LIKE THAT IT MAKE ME
When you're not here, I seem to migrate to your side on the bed. I think subconsciously it's because I want to be with you.
All u do is go to school but u failing
Omg I can't hear out my damn ear !!
We all take different paths to awake on the same road, happiness...
felt good bein wit da fam.
Haven't been at school a full day yet and I'm ready to be on christmas break
i cant wait for monday TheRealPsanders b-day!!!!!! excited!! <21
shonabrown Oh genie don't remind me... I vary between hypermetropia and myopia at the risk of all the listeners around me
The vending machine at work hates me. Clearly asked for golden wonders and it gives me hula hoops
Had a lovely 24 hours with the mrs., life is pretty sweet right the noo
hand in hand , door het leven
Well there goes those plans...lowkey
On my way to work thanking God for waking me up allowing me to see another day and continuing to bless me
I am about to go find a cliff and throw my phone off of it. IHATEmyphone Annoyed.
No matter how tired I am, it's impossible for me to go to sleep before 11.
Liuzita thank you for countdown, doll! :)
A day left for common album.excited.
My sleep schedule is so messed up.
Playing soccer then showering makes me sleep like a baby
ICANNOT WAIT TILL TMMRWWW !!
Tiggy is destroying the KS1 maths games on the BBC website
MindlessBhavior u still haven't followed me and SwagLikeCBandJB :( Sad 10
Seeing PumpkinGrin tweet saying that she likes Cher Lloyd has made my night.
Can't find my shoes and it's hot as fuck outside.
I love my mom but sometimes she just has to ruin my day for no reason which really irritates me.
I love surprising people. Made _yosoyviv think I went back to Charlotte, instead I showed up to her crib with Simba tonight. :)
One of those moments where I feel like throwing my phone against the wall.
joeymcintyre Good morning! and good evening to you!:) kicked off my week w/my JoeMac favorites! Let's make it a good week!LOVE xoxo
Got that Christmas morn anticipation right now..WHY? lookvertical FUZE Christmas tonight from 6-8:30pm at the lton Civic Center
justinbieber  on Wednesday in a special DISNEY!
My brother is tryna be a twitter feen
someone just asked me if I can use my phone I think they forget who pays the phone bill and plus I don't know you
thats crazyyyy how those cops sprayed those students in cali!
I really didn't expected to be like this
Sits and plans to stay this way till tomorrow
Huge bags under my eyes today b/c all night I kept dreaming my nephew was being born and jumping up to check my phone. excited lovehim
i have the best of friends, an amazing boyfriend, great family & now back in a CFA uniform in Jan! nothing gets better than this
You are probably the most ignorant person I have ever met, do yourself a favour and fuck off before I snap!
JakeDymek um. no im not i was actually doing my homework till you said that!
Got a gift this morning... A green small plant... Made me
was gonna do homework then practice but ima KO until practice irritated !
Bitch you get no
Jan 11!!!!!!!!!!! One tree hill starts :)))
setting up tunes on my i-pod for saturdays coach trip to westfield! gina_l99
Pinterest isn't working <\3
1 time for mainohustlehard ..came thru the Doll House to kick it with me for a min. STILL a really humble/sweet guy
I'm going to fucking kill someone, get me away from these little monsters. annoyed.
Goodmorning twitter. Hope everyone has a happy thanksgiving with the family
sucha gorg winter day...crisp fresh air an snow on the ground
i was honestly like troy shut up
Sore knee you need to go away ASAp I don't have time for you!
haha The1He_DeSireeS  was spitting game today lmao proud  :)
Time to go swimming! love makesmehappy :)
got some christmas shopping done in ayr today
Why did I have to see that ?? Hurt :/
ThingsPeopleShouldntDo hate on the LGBT-community: it's retarded to hate on something that's been there since the beginning of time
Pam Bondi just disappointed me.
last shift to get out the way tonight then the festivities start tomorrow with an all day piss up in newc
Since i don't get morning sickness anymore ima start working again   yes , finally i was feeling useless . excited .
If Its Not One Thing Its Another
The mall is getting a sweeet new froyo store
I Lust for some Trust & Loyalty
Thanks for letting me sit with y'all at dinner AlexSilver11 trevorteykl jacobfeltslovesfunnycatpics y'all keep me going
Haha life is so funny!! Females are funny niggas are funny!!
School was optional today for a lotta people
Sweetest girl by the Ready Set <3
Wooooowweee! Mya tires herself out from spending the day @ her buelos! Good thing cuz I'm exsauuussteddddd!!!! excited!!!
Monday and Tuesday gone be crazy without ash_epictweets :( ...
I wonder how many fantasy points westerns qb would have. Akron would be the team to give up a career day.
Being patient and waiting for the right one is the best way ..dnt rush it
AmandaRunz glad to hear i'm not the only one who's
I appreciate the vibe at this party right now.
johncredmond Just remembered the time you and I couldn't open the hood on your car for like an hour.
I hate when you have an itch on your back that you can't reach.
AHH IKR. RTRTRT“SarahELouden: those few strands of hair that don't curl. curlyhairproblems frustrating”
Readyy for this weekend to come already!
now is the time I am expected to say something snarky but I. Got. Nothing. Good_is_Good.
Just thinkin that ima leave Evalyn & my friends maks me feel sad :(
weekend hasn't even started yet and I know it's already going to suck dick
First tweet! Welcome to Twitter.
I honestly think some people need to move on with their lives and destroy the unhealthy obsession. Only if you knew.. rage :$
I got my schedule changed for next semester and I don't think I could be happier.
Those ppl who repeatedly share their profile pic on facebook
seriously? its like youre not even trying anymore.
Can't wait to see allegrokc!!!
Just thinking how much I'd die if I actually got a dm from RealMaisyJames excitement!
Rachel_M_White Omg, yes yes yes!
Well there goes my good mood.
Saw Rafael Nadal at the O2 today!
NBA season. That gap in my life has been refilled once more.
Just a reminder that there are hundreds of thousands of people who have to work on Thanksgiving, be nice and thank them.
Thank u for that shot at me that truly shows me where u stand
I'm truly gonna miss going to all the hudson football games, they were a lot more fun the addisons...
Football on thanksgiving morning
Is this week over yet?! Ready to get away from every person here.
Grab supper with Riskapatria, it taste better to eat with her lol :P
I don't care if iv been with LewisKerrRacing 7 years or 100 years it is NEVER acceptable to trump on me.
Waking up to edsheeran in the morning
still no ice on hadlock
Shut your fat ass up.
DomsterPB83 Three groups of year 9. Each with 28 students...year 12 has 24 students in...
Why do I always feel so alone?
took out a caprisun thinking it was Fruit Punch but its actually Wild Cherry.
jonomitchell thought it was nailed on for a bite!!!
koreankrista I was there at 1:30 with Colton except u were lazy and decided not to go at that time.
On mii way 2 Keya_sorento game hope mii big sis do good
Noodle hous <3<3
First tweet. But no one will here me.
finally got the right cords so my dvd player works!!!
Hopefully this weekend goes good.
s0r33m too many people look for sympathy annoying x
Another Day, Another Blessing..
I'M SOO GLAD JACKSONS OK!!!!!
it's dark already
Boutta eat by myself...
so excited to be volunteeering this week at ze hospital
I hate waiting 20 min to see a damn doctor why have me here at 230 if your not gonna see me till 330?!?!
I sure do wish I had my sweet cuddle buddy today BlakeCantrell11
I hate when my mom cooks and then she says it taste good.
Morning World... God blessed us with another beautiful day.... thankFUL!!!!
When you on the phone with somebody and there phone vibrates every 2seconds. PhoneJustVibrated5timesWhileITypedThis Annoying<<<<
If you take my tweets serious go kill your self
cant wait untill christmasss:)
Party?? I think yes!
I love when your like Omg.that kids cute, and.he says the same,but you both don't say anything so it stays at that!annoying!
Ready to go home and spend some much needed time with the lil sis, bro, and padre.
Happy Birthday to my mommy. :)
Those aspca commercials that absolutely kill your mood
I realized I have math and planning homework over the break :'(
BrittanyMurphyP You're forever in my heart !!!  Love !!!
praying to god I did decent on my history test..
Screw the flu, drink some brew.
i miss That's so Raven, Even Stevens, and Lizzie Mguire. What is this shit on disney channel now?
Twilight Princess, Corpse Bride, Arkham City, popcorn, and this mixtape.
can't get started on my paper
Daniel_in_PR pr20chat JMMuscarello Daniel...thanks for the shoutout man!  I appreciate the love.
“piersmorgan: It's BOOM! time Persie_Official Arsenal” do you realise how pathetic you sound? Not at the game piers?
So frustrated. So. F Ing. Frustrated.
Tomorrow will be a very busy day! I'll know if my thesis is good enough! Guys wish me luck and succes! nervous!
That moment when you don't want to do something, and someone tries to make you.
Just saw the saddest thing: the cutest Siberian Huskey hit on the side of the road :(
so hard to enjoy this show when the vid keep freezing
Looking forward to my night
DO NOT WANT TO GO TO SCHOOL TOMORROW
ruthandphils pumpkin spice ice cream is borderline gross, which is tough to accomplish with ice cream
So this time 2 years ago everyone was snowed in and without power.. Something's wrong with this picture..
Jack and Jill was messed up.
ThingsPeopleShouldntDo Pick Their Nose In Public. Disgusting!
Flight 93 memorial. <3
oomf ignored my text for the first time in my life... Something is wrong :(
The world would be a significantly better place without Mosquitos
Wow that class went by soo fast!
So rihanna already has a gay best friend in dublin urg soo jealous he gets to go to her parties and everything soo
Watching CMA Country Christmas on ABC
knockoff nyquil. its just not the same...
oomf So Behind Time Bitch U been OLD NEWS Triple Extra Triple Years Ago!
The Melting Pot in Reston - I have finally reached fullness.
Forgot to say, amazing service from BurgerFuel last night - the girl noticed I ordered a GF bun so took the malt out of my soy shake.
I am feeling horribly overwhelmed and anxious. I hate this feeling. Like my life is spiraling and I have no control over it
SupaDupa_Me yessss I love you !! Ive been jamming to Christmas music because the radio is so damn
Mouth and teeth really ache for no reason
Killingjokeband No shows in Scandinavia? Had hoped for a couple after the cancellations last time.
Drinking coffee, watching a Christmas movie, and laying in my bed<3
You have prob lived in mi all your life yet you can't drive in the rain
Can't wait for the weekend. 4 day long birthday celebrations, ooooooioi
I miss you do bad, God knows I do.
Just realized I left my super awesome wrapping paper in Tuscaloosa!!!
I hate it when girls try to talk about sports
17th birthday in 20 days
Sometimes I don't even wanna live in this house, cant ever do anything right
reecemastin I'm seriously going to cry not going to be able to see you because I'm working and your signing first :(
rakenrol_ECHO hahahaha! enjoy yer shopping !but hinay hinay lang sis sa pagbili:)  ako d pa nkk pag shopping 4 X'mas :I
Wide awake, knowing damn well I need to be sleep..every time I stay up late my daughter misses her bus :(
whats love got to do with it? its about us, its about trusttt babe
Life, sometimes you just have to smile at the stuff that happens, cause if you don't why is it worth it to keep going
My mom's cooking >>>>>>
_ChevyNoCamaro thatawkwardmoment when someone sees you whipe under your arm and then your face with the same object lmao embarrassing!!!!
NorlanderTom my wittle tommy's learning to tweet :)
today went from the worst and most stressful day ever--to a good one full of suprises! happy (:
Watching Hannah Montana movie on a Saturday night! What is wrong with me.
Fuck it.. Honeycomb HideOut here I come...
I   My Arab Culture
Dear William Shakespeare,  You're right, expectations are the root of heartache.
Greatest thanksgiving yet.... Family time and delicious food!
Watching Captain America with a yummy bowl of popcorn.
KRich_3_3_0 Good descion I'm sure it willl workk for the better for youu! Takes alot of courage
Klaar met stage lesgegeven ging goed
back to the internship after a week off...this is my last week as an intern then I get to start my real world grown up job. excited.
I cut hair not fucking babysit. Fucking idiots!!
£75million on Elizabeth Taylor's jewellery? I think we've found a bigger waste of money than Fernando Torres.
Great night catching up with my 6 yr asst that is getting his shot.  Jesus Flores is interim Head Coach for Westwind Post Grad.
On my way back to college
6 days until flordia.
Amazing day in the city. So glad I got to see _peaceloveMaria, now I'm ready for holidays
Finally! KimKardashian & KourtneyKardash are BACKKKKK <3
justinbieber still the same kidrauhl and still the same support with your fans. That's
Watching the Raiders play the worst game of football in history
Havent been home a week and i already want to go back to school. annoyed.
Who invented squeaky dog togs?!
Batterys dead and I want my ipod to help me sleep
just_letGO s dads birthdays tommorow
I just want to shove a pillow down my sisters for snoring!
GUYS! TIGER WOODS IS WINNING A TOURNAMENT!
Finally jar of hearts  on glee!
u  made  me  down   SAD:(
Just cleaned the car with my friends for our ice skating trip tonight!
Jonathan_Phang Thank you for a great evening
Waking up to the smell of thanksgiving day cooking :)
I cannot wait to see him tomorrow .. I couldn't be happier.
All i want for christmas &my birthday is for TheAlliSimpson  to follow me! May you please make my dreams come true! Love you!(:
criminal minds marathon . wonderful way to waste a day noshame happy (:
being lied to hurts...bad...im just glad that i dont have to be in the place anymore and im lucky that he believed in changing.
Freshman have won after 13 years of losing
kelsayylynn They will go by faster than you think!
Good day today
I missed workaholics tonight :(
kieradbrench Its snowed so there you are !
Dese hoes want my head BAD && dnt knw WHY!
Ayee_Its_Shadz ahh thanks haa , ohh the show soon Nervous xx
BradleyGelber agreed I've been getting them lately too So u know its bad lol
Damn.....you just never know :( R.I.P. Aunt Mela
yay pubing w/ MissGigglesxo when she gets on
1 month till christmas :):):):)
He who live a life without god is living a life without success, morals, goals, faith ect.
I come home and my brother and his gay friends turned EVERYTHING in my room upside down!!
SteveAlessi I can't wait!!! I LOVE white elephant gift exchanges, hehehe!!! ;)
and happy that school is over:)
everyone tweet their favorite causes and hashtag HappyWorldHumanitarianDay - so many great causes out there working to makeachange.
God is so good! I truly have so much to be thankful for!!
So my new follower :) yeah he's cute<3 yeah he has the best personality ever :) Yeah he holds something no one else does <3
It is truly not yet time for Christmas music.
Funny cause I asked a question and I know you read it and you just decide not to answer
Still can't believe we beat CP!
BallyFitness The reason I joined: 6a spin. When the instructor doesn't show til 6:15a, that's 1/3 my workout GONE. Why bother?
Just remembered the last time Twilight was on, I was having contractions & in early labour with small girl
Got a little job tomorrow!!! Should pay pretty good!
Fml, im so broke out ! I hate this shit
Happiness = Glancing at my dog, and having him wag his tail at me without moving anything else on his body. Not even his head.
Just discovered christinaperri music. A very unique soulful voice & writing creates raw riveting melodies
wish I was home 
JesssicaOU You know my weakness. Probably been to sonic 14 times yikes.  congratulation on the 4.0 Woohooo and Michael's GRAD school
Gotta convince my mom to let me go see macmiller tomorrow! excited ! (:
People get on my nerves.
counting down the days:)
Went to bed at 10 woke up about 630 I'm still super exhausted. Then to top things off I got all this extra curricular BS going on. annoyed.
jassicawackoff omg I did it! wait till you see tomorrow :p
working with my dad almost makes me wanna jump off of a really high bridge!
If i could take it back, i would.
Sometimes you just have to have patience with people. You can't force help...they have to see that they need it
jademirandah I am not offended.
At the summit of Mingi Taw we uploaded The Megatome to the eternal safety of the whirling infinite.
I feel like a million dollars happy :)
im glad i don't have to deal w/ that kind of crazy relationship anymore.  when its real, everything works itself out. no worries.
Can't wait to study for an hour to get a C on a vocab quiz
Somebody said Tiger Woods is dead
Just broke computer speakers because my sister and her little friends wouldn't shut the FUCK up!
Back to the doctor, this better be good
I hate that apple got all these expensive devices and the screens are so cheaply made ! disappointed !
CorrinDavies just received an email. Def Leppard tickets will be hand delivered within the next 5 days!
Love knowing I can have a long lie tomorrow...
mimidooooo and i won't get to see it till after break?
it's hard to not have anyone to talk 2 about the way im feeling right now
“UseThe150: Doc_Sands kudos you're the first pro I follow that mentioned veterans day or remembrance day...and I follow tons” <----
When you're waiting on someone to show up and every time u hear a car door close u get excited and run look out the window
thatawkwardmoment when you're the only one left at the table eating cheese and crackers
_saaaruuhh_ I miss you tooo! I can't wait to see your pretty face tomorrow! I've got so much to tell you
Feeling.....down and out
JasmineJ_15 its is my pleasure... Its not everyday that i get to sit next to a supermodel
Credulousity killed the cat. ^..^
Suck on a fat one to everyone that hates on the chiefs! Chiefs played one hell of a game! They deserved this win
Me and PoppyRS are gettin inked tomorrow
thx all for the bday wishes!!!
Just saw a brief clip of them annoying TOWIE lot r they for real? Why anyone wld inspire to be like them is beyond words
yay got another uni offer!
I need a girl
ughhh i get so freakin irritated when people promise they gonna do  something and then make  up  every excuse why they cant.
You are all talk! Take that effort to chirp and put it someplace else with more value
Bout to head to this football banquet. I don't wanna see these 2012 boy leave:(
I will sing Holy forever !
Starting to wish we didn't meet.. Hate this feeling.
Going through my dads CD's, one is basically indian/banghra music.
Girls are so damn
John_Alba  Is it just me, or is this material for Blake's class feeling realllly repetitive ?
Only 4 more work days until vacation!
seeing your face how
wtffff im n a slump I haven't did good on a test n hella long
Off to the Q Salon to get muhh hurr' did! (: EXCITED!
can you no go a minute with about being alone
Can't believe that battery I bought doesn't even work
I want to watch kaskade at Republiq...
TheHollyTaylor oooh does she do gel Nails? The girl that did mine gas moved to Abu Dhabi!!  sad  xx
WhatCanIDoToday signingcharity Oh gosh.  After a time or 2?? We've been doing that daily for a month.
Updating the pod for winter blues
“LouLouK: tomriordan thank you. Just for being like, proper lovely about all this.”
I'm so excited for Christmas. The giving, caroling, spending time with loved ones, and celebrating the birth of JC.
rubyonone Do they...do they have those?!
watched the sun set from the library, now I have 3 hours of class. then back here.
Mothers patty and coke :)
purecfnm the mighty reds who couldnt beat a swiss team in a match they had to win to dump them out of the UCL.  those mighty reds?
does theatre clwyd hate james or something! the only pictures of him are with sleeping beauty! doesnt he have any scenes alone outrage ;)
KyleJOBrien you're lucky! Mine's at 9:36!
another boring episode of walking dead.
Do Canadians get American nickels in their change the way we get their nickels in our change? cause that shits Annoying .
Wanna talk to him:// and want him to make me laugh:) but hes mad ahht me & i dont know why.
tay_stainbrook YOU MADE THE STRABUURZZ WITHOUT ME!
Pickin up Jaida`s report card no doubt that she made me proud...Then going 2 the hospital 2see my sis NeNe, her water broke yesterday!
Happy Feet 2 comes out next friday
I come home from school to grandma making me my favorite kind of cake. Chocolate cake with homemade peanut butter frosting.
So, P4A is on Saturday. There's a blood drive from 12-7 today. Should I try it?
LetsBeReal God is The Reason We Receive Our Blessings (&) Happiness !!!
if you not a dawg these days you gets no play
reneesiu gah, just when i thought i had gone through all the good study playlists. i can't wait to get through these 5.
You be fucking with them an it's
Kinda freaking out. Hope all goes as planned tomorrow night!
Room is finished, mellow yellow, bowl pack, cod, some sleep in my super comfy bed.
doctors appointment afterschool, really hope everything goes okay! worried.
There is something extra special about Whyte ave in the winter.
just had to sort out all of my itunes as it decided to delete all my music
I hate when i he obviously feelin sum type of way....but he will never say what it is.
My job is the coolest thing ever
breakingdawn this weekend. CANNOT WAIT! beyond excited! :D
I love church family! Keri is bringing over Christmas decorations!
Dance show (and chinese with GaiaWard) tonight, theatre trip tommorow and fancy dress day Thursday
I really miss my friend BJONES_iam my fone fucked up,but im gone call her tomorrow
lexiieatstoes About a boy and a girl trying to take on the world one kiss at a time.
Never thought I would say this, but tonight's Glee is super lame...
_ChrisSchmid its vacation when I don't have to see your ugly face for 6months
Can't believe I will actually be home this month...
two down four to go
You're never gonna be alone from this moment on. If you ever feel like letting go I won't let you fall
So niggas just eating random b.tches cooter????
seanhasahead Did you see it ?! :P Oh were playing levels tonight !!
Annoyed and dont wanna leave the house, but I have to
Angelvideo is directed my CodySimpson himself.
No mom I don't want my bellybutton pierced just because my cousin has hers. Don't put words into my mouth.
CANT TRUST YOU DAZ Y I MOVED ON..
Drake really needs to come to Oregon
sullivan85 Congrats on winning the designerwhey pack! b thankful tweetchat fitbook
I just saw nick easter do something good
Stay protected. Letz educate ourselves about HIV/AIDS and help find a cure.
everyone in my house will drop whatever they doing just to come give me a roll of toilet paper...
ThingsThatGottaChange is how my dad thinks he knows everything!
43rd Ain't Never Crackinq Like Dis...& Dey Got They Kids Wid Dem
Okay prick knock on my door get rejected then throw a fit
exposed ; dis shit becoming ah everyday thang on twitter
Such a good day. Love half days
LOL hes inviting me over for dinner tomorrow ! love <3
Been lounging all day with my two favorite people
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! :)
Food coma. Happy European Invasion Day!
I need a cuddle buddy
I hear and see ambulances everyday .. depressing :(
Wow I only have 9 followers
Falling asleep in school and my teacher has to shake me to wake me up while the class screams my name
Tired of these dudes lol
Didn't make OAP! But hey there is always next year!!!
Jesstbsoccer turn off the justin bieber Christmas music
nice one champ <3“KathleenDurso: Shopping for my boyfriends christmas present with my boyfriend with me. surprise”
Just left seaworld .. And im at chiles chowing down a declious  kids meal. [:
That one girl that thinks she knows everything in class..
Working on mama schmitts bday present soperfect !! excited !
Ha finally I'm getting it..
Michael buble on 60 minutes tomorrow
Common app is SO slow
Off early, lunch & Target with my love...now shopping and prepping for Thanksgiving!
In 24hrs I'll b on that plane
Cool. I can't get into my hotel room
FLORENCE AND THE MACHINES!!!
Gaila88 Ludachris Morning! How are we today? The kettle's on, and I'm searching for my throat spray. I cannot lose my voice!
newbreedofnerd It kills me when I manage to enter the Minecon Cape token within 30 seconds of you posting it and IT'S ALREADY GONE! =[
Cnt wry abt nobody business bt my own....& my business is taking up all of my energy ^_^ in such a good way!!
-Ughhh .!!! I Hate When Their Mouthes Move Slower Than The Words They Say On Tv .!
I know you read you texts so whats so hard about idk actually answering them
I want to scream fuckthis dbwbfbwkvnwkfbwkejWHATTHEHELL
DA BEST ANG PASKO NANG PILIPINO The 2011 ABS-CBN Christmas Special Part 2 later after PBB ..
I'm over talking about paying bill, I'm over talking about court and lawyers, I'm over everything always being so unstable..
We both know your intelligence is my common sense so get out of my face
My papp is everything. These fuckin illness never makes him go down to be greatful and thankful to God Almighty.
went thru my contacts and found noone to text
When you don't trust someone, you don't believe ANYTHING they say.
I used to think u took my breath away then I relized I was just suffocated with your bullshit .!
Ahhhh, spending the week in Krugersdorp! It's gonna be the bestest week ever! elated!
When you want a person to sign up for twitter, but they dont want to -_-
i've sent the msg *closing ma eyes*
The anniversary of my Nina's death is coming up…i miss her Christmas nd every other holiday will never be the same with out her </333
My mom is gonna make me sambusa on Wednesday happy favorite winning !
making a status or tweet saying your drunk shows that youre clearly sober
Hope i passed history
Sooo, My Daddy And Uncle Are Gonna Take Me Hunting Before The Year Ends.. Excited !
I love getting presents from co-workers. I also love getting compliments on the Ann Taylor dress I bought yesterday at lunch.
krcg Haith just took a huge steaming dump in his pants and you guys missed it. He's a joke, and everybody knows it.
My damn charger dont want to charge my phone. So the phone is charging on the car charger!!?
just picked up the birthcontrol. gettin fooood.
OMG!! JUST BEEN TOLD I HAVE LITTLE MIX TICKETS AHHHHHH WOOO!!!!!!!!!!
You know what sucks? Having a test at 10:30, but I still have to get up early to finish the last half of my English paper.
Acehood let me get one of demm <3 muchhhh
Every hour on the :29 my phone vibrates twice. Anyone know what would cause that?
My grandma has had the same brushes and combs since the 90s..... that ain't right...
Gave me only ONE KECTCHUP!
Girl stop facebook messaging me im not gonna tell you shit..
GigiHabibi Phone changes words randomly but then misses out odd typos
Last set of meetings in London...then a meet up with M_Hebert excited!
ieuanllew IEUAN! (Taps chest as sign of pure sexual tension)
Ahemb thanks for calling! Haha I know the effort it took to stay up!
Bran gone to work that Black Friday sale....hmmmmp I don't like this bed nearly as much w/o him in it :(
Did it actually snow at all ??
Rise and shine tweeps :)
i miss you</3
Everythings different but that four letter wordd ..
I am currently watching an Asian metal band that sounds identical korn and limp bizkit.
It's thanksgiving! So thankful for my Noah & Juan! I love my cute little family
R.I.P mama I love u gurl Ima make u
roomchecks done... time to pack the car:)
Ladiesman292 will do my friend, will do!
wow, this weekend sucked.
This packers game better step it up before I have to go to work.
I love the way you understand exactly what I mean even when I don't know how to explain it.
Can't even decide what to tweet. Haha.
Definitely didnt have as good of a sleep as I thought I would.
my daddy is sending me money for them 11s :)
My Big Fat Gypsy Christmas!!
Today I am 1 happy camper. I get to listen to some tough, sexy, JuicyMusicLLC  not to mention new tracks from
Be nice to someone for no reason. You never know when you’re going to need someone to be nice to you for no reason.
These bitchez singing along to Demi levato....
kenzielittle_04 yay:) I was in your first tweet!
LaurenConrad Hiiiiii,i like you...<3 love!
Ppl in mini vans cannot drive worth shit.
These freshman dress as if they're 25 year old strippers
I'm So Hungry I'm Knockin On Errybody Door For Sum Food Smh
I had a dream last night that it was Christmas and I woke up and well....it wasn't
Another Saturday, another oxford street shopping session.
DonnieWahlberg I hope ur enjoying ur little vacay lol I MISS U!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
TilsonTech omg. the christmas tree sweater. i am dying.
watching the cmas at work, laughing to myself..
simonereyes They will always give us more than we give them
sajuliette : A la Marc Darcy ?
Dos años de MyWorld :') 
--ugh. i dnn need a boyfrend too make me
People want me to open up to them, but, if I let them into my head, we would be talking for a very long time.
New York in March for a soccer tournament
I can go shopping!
I just saw a grown man dig in his nose and put it in hos mouth! That's fricking GROSS!!!!!
Gone with the Wind
And what's so amazing is he understands my Grind! & I respect his.
Walks into a freshly clean room. That I cleaned by myself! Am I wrong from wanting the slightest acknowledgement?
i have THREE essays to write for this damn master's program. love -_-
Don't wanna go to school tomorroww. Wish it would snoww.
Someday soon, I'll have a living room to watch Tommy Brady and won't have to eat 7 layer dip on my bed. AND a dishwasher!!
Why do my jeans get so baggy on me by the end of the day
i wish me and my dad would get along!
First caramel apple of the season
Glad me && my bae are still together && doin better than others .. not braggin, just
Wallace told me I need to stop being a slut
We Finish the exams yahooo Happy »
kenwrightOUT Kenwright and his supporters,its like the blind leading the blind,walking Everton off a cliff him leading them following!
HillaryVictoria relax no one needs to hear about your undergarment issues. Except RichFeloni - it's all he has goin for him
Fuckk I had to pass the exam to pass the course?? Now, I'm paranoid
they have some low down cold hearted bitches in new orleans
Right ItsDimps_Duh: Nine tweets from Lish and Jaema!
Dylan__Jordan I think we're both playing conference games tonight. So we probz play Oregon and OSU is probz playing Alabama.....
Petestweets25 I don't know how pat.
Did my little sister just beat up the walll??
people in high school who date people in middle school are just
Got a game Tomorow, and I've took a chunk out my wrist nice one tit, it's right where I do up my golekeeper gloves
ughh i hate not having emoji's to express my feelings...
Received 3 phone calls and counting from strangers responding to a Craiglist job post with my work phone # listed.
The Desert Dawners are meeting up with their English instructor all this week to edit their stories! Goodluck with that students!!
britsullivann mitchelldaveyy mitnoe my fucking dog could come up with a better one than that!
I'm not wearing anything to do with Christmas today.
You never leave me feeling  alone
Let David open his Christmas present early. And he loved it!
NatanyaAbrahams Hope it goes well for you!
the rest of my night now consists of me hugging and bonding with my dogg because thats what watching marly and me will do to you:'(
Can someone be the love of your life even if your not theirs?
lulz it's cute how my mom keeps asking me to look up Cyber Monday deals on laptops for her when we already have one on its way!
Excited for krismuss wonder if mum will buy a turkey or a rabbit. do cats get krismuss presence? I hope so excited!
Why isn't my phone working !
I will officially say it....as of 2011 you DON'T have to be in SHAPE at all to be an urban model sad....
En route to see my godkids
Raining on my way to school
Football and godfather 1&2 all day? What can make this day any better? Some eggnog!  HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE!
Why won't my dog leave me and my mom alone!?
Some people are just so rude
U cnt force someone to be in your life..when u love someone u just wnt them to stay in your life..
i hate little sisters. annoying.
Someone just told me they love City Co coffee.....
lordsinjun what the f*** are you doing in tesco??
Sad not seeing D_Rock49 on my TL.. sad nobefa :(
What's Good....did I start my countdown yet?  Can't wait....
ktart1 WHY HAVE YOU NOT ACCEPTED ME YET!?
Everyone can make you smile..but it takes a special person to make you
whatsyourbrain maybe its cause of your lack of quad strength? I thought you'd been working on those power squats.
Got a coffee coolata and it tastes like poo!!!! disappointed.
6th graders have dirtier mouths than me.
Ain't Seen My Brother In A While A Nigga
TheCarlosPena  Hey Carlos. I wanna say that you are the best &'nd Logan , Kendall &'nd james , too. LOVE ELEVATE Good night to ya'!
First day on the job!
Hanging with MattBenemerito psyched for SWTOR beta
BrailleErin I'm still playing with it. Loving all of it - even the less rural sounds are rather fabulous here, accompanied by water
Ahhhh daddy bought windows software for my mac :)
The cafe got fried chicken mac and cheese,corn on the cob and corn bread
austinjohnson1 glad you made it home safe
Why does surprised have a 'r' before the 'p'?
This week just needs to end already!
andrewmarrgolf smackdown928 I am a little greener at this than you guys so I had to script it out. That part is done. embarrassing =)
I miss the times when we were good friends
I Swear it seems like every dude that I've talked to OOMF all of a sudden becomes cool with them
nowplaying Warzone by thewantedmusic at wenhuuii's workplace. (:
never thought that i would say it but i am ready to be back home in Meade County
Juju berry tiimmmeee!
Hey Google...How about you let me finish what I'm typing before you start guessing after 1 letter
RIP Anne McCaffery :(
Cowboys n cooking what you know!!!
Did not text one single person all day
MikeStatic adrianadvice u guys r crazy!
So her grampz call and I say yes ma'am.....didnt know
On my way home from Nashville right now. Can't wait to get home to play my guitar and see my woman.
Imma whoop some cranemen's ass if he keeps dropping shit into this truck like he is.
Open your mind before your mouth, you fucking ignorant prick.
i swear if the person sitting next to me phone goes off again im going to chuck it across the room
SAILORS NEED TO STOP RELYING UPON ME TO HAVE A SAVE VOYAGE. Tarvel by yourself!
alysssarose are you serious that is so
Sooooo ready for my doctors appointment tomorrow
Tanning for the first time in months
Love driving at night
CourtneyCanady let me know how it is! The fam and I are going tomorrow :)
“BaDgirl_PearL: No matter what the outcome is, I'm still thankful”
Wow people upstairs have been playing MW3 for 6 hours straight full blast surround sound. Sounds like a real war going on up there
First time getting to Kentucky for Christmas and there hasn't been snow...
first day of drivers ed today
gonna have fun tonight. happy :)
It's absolutely insane how quickly my mood can change these days.  This is why I hate winter.
losing a good friend because of a boy is never worth it in the end
CodySimpson happy simpson saturday :D Can't wait for watching
JoeNBC  the grad assistant Mcqueary who did nothing....then took a job within this organization...smells fishy to me
I'm starving n sick and hot ... Depressed :(
BeeGees star RobinGibb has been diagnosed with liver cancer.
danhow18 DavisOlly absolutely disgusting language Dan. What would your mother say?
Wish people knew how to control their offspring.
Forget winter, I'm ready for summer
taking a nice hot bath
all my roommies are sleeping out tonight
Wish my girlfriend megg_danielle would text me I hope she's Ok :'(
AELesperance Sometimes nearly exciting things happen at m3 but then I remember both stores are hell
I spelled kwanzaa wrong.
Practice sucked.... I'm going to my room when I get home
my bed is big enough for two but im the only one in it
Ma phone str8 dead tho wtf smfh
Roaming in deep thought....
emmareeerriott cool. change rams on me.
KathrinBrehm I feel so blessed that I can call you my best friend I ever had & I'll ever have.
I cant wait till the new twilight movie come out this Friday!
When your tired yet can't fall asleep
thatdumbcomment that makes your friends look like a dumb asses
Bestie from home comic to hays
Going to get hair done soon excited :D
Got a seriously long day today I wish i was American n had the day off for thanksgiving
You like the red solo cup song? Nigga you ain't ever been to a real party. SitDownHoe Besides, that song is extremely
Montesions just recited my tweets about him..
TayDuck11 Not soon enough. My bus doesn't leave til 1:50 and then I have an 8 hour drive ahead of me.... I wont be home til 9:40!
So glad I finished my last day of my week of detention. Finally. Feels like forever ago I got called in to Brackett's office.
That moment when your talking then your lip gets caught on the bracket of your braces. Embarrassing Unattractive!
Get this guy out of here!!!!
Just came to the conclusion I'm completely dependent on nicotine
so its been decided CANCUN for my birthday with my girls . ayelightskin TheHeartOfKyra & danielle we gonna have it the fuck up !
Nice morning cuppa and cuddles with my Bon bon
Wished my parents knew it was the 21st century...
Coaching 8 year olds is so frustrating, I feel bad for my mom when I didn't listen to her when I was a kid
On my way to London sans children! excited!
Going to catch the kittens tonight.
Think I may have found something I want even more than more money.
Player in pracy tonight
Can‘t wait to see Hugo!!
I've never wanted to be Paul Rudd more in my life. jasonsegel
Math? Yeah, totally giving up!!!!!
Im about to give up at midnight ob putting up these lights!!!!! Ugh. Shoot me now!
NP: Playas get Lonely too by RKelly.. Starting my weekend this way
One week until my birthday!
Grenade attack in mombasa one person killed reportedly
2 hours of doing completely nothing....
If you're busy & start taking forever to reply to me & not talking. Just tell me you have to go, don't keep up a bullshit convo.
I HATE when people take so long to put a word down in words wih friends
I know EXACTLY what I'm getting my love for Christmas..He's gonna love it!!!
So happy that Jimmie Johnson won't win the Sprint cup this year.
lovesundays Roast Beef & all the trimmings, Tigers playing, Back to back Dexter DVD later & Mr M is ironing.
Amazon are cunts, pre-ordered the Inbetweeners Movie and it didn't even arrive today when I was told it would
Text me. I miss you/:
Today just got soo much better!:)
Glad this semester is over with.
I overheard my coach talking to another runner that I was improving a ton over winter training as I was sprinting at the end!
just done 100 sit-ups and other exercises. proud hahaha
finnaa just call it a night fa everyone . just not in the mood . thoughts and wonders .
Almost reached 1000 followers! Excited! :D
At least wanted to get some shooting in this morning!!
Seriously do some parents not care?? Just saw a girl walking there's no way she was older than 4
Westboro Baptist Church
wordup -RT TheBlackMozart: I love how she offer to get my datpiff beat-tapes sponsored!
Nat_Gravenell Neither have you in fairness.
england in 7 days
Tomorrows plans are set, waiting to be accomplished.
NTW1000 and to watch the football as kids and Sid in bed
5 days of advent done.....only 20 more to go until Christmas
Me and boo r gonna open gifts Christmas eve. excited!
Checking out some demolitions on nsp2 sites.
So glad I came in early tonight
Harry Potter and home-made pancakes
lilsmoove_ still has not hmp... Trueeeee
Putting up Christmas Decorations today
Please PCC, tell me my grades already!!
youngthundahcat lmao everyone said I was annoying AF on Thursday... Lol I wanted to plank in traffic too. embarrassing lol
Just got the best phone call ever! My bigs gonna be spending Thanksgiving with me ! :)
El amor es la mas bella flaqueza del espíritu.
Why isn't my phone working
Chalo Cya U all once I land in Bangalore !! Here I go Delhi & Bangalore here i come to U !! :) :) HaPpY !!
I'm so mad, I went from a 96-82 in ROTC & I do everything I'm suppose to in that class.
computer & geomatey final today
I absolutely hate other peoples opinion. Like really?
Already ready for the weekend!
Making dinner and listening to justinbieber Christmas cd, I didn't think Christmas time could get better, throw biebs in and BAM
I love my SIRIUSXM| Where else could I hear Eddie Kendricks sing happy, then Luda, and finish my night with Fabo 'You Be Killin' Em'?
kay_vail very stupid!! remember when you use to come around and just kick it now you dont even talk to me hurt friend
I'm convinced that some people are addicted to the drama they create in their lives.
“theoverheadwire: Really Muni? One car trains? Really??” !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!'nnnhgfdfgvbhh
geez i cant even get ahead around cheeaaaaaa...
Such a classic hipster couple. love  andrealm321
MissAmyChilds ahh i can't wait for itsallaboutamy to come on, so the stunning Amy Childs is back on our screens!
Its sad that State and Ole Miss suck so much, Southern Miss is ranked higher..
gabefuson05 what about amish counsel time?
Whenever something gets super popular, it gets changed. Examples: Facebook, Twitter, and possibly Tumblr?
Haven't seem my son since August.
After checking Twitter I was ready to have some fun in the snow. Then I looked out and there's maybe 3cm of snow on the ground
Shoot today couldn't have gone better from my perspective. Great people too!
you always want what you can't have..
11/11/11. Thanks everyone for all you do to help our country.
...so Chosenhorse actually hasn't died of high blood pressure yet?...
Aaaand bring on the cramps. joy -_-
When me and alejandrabrav0 start ball girl , get readyy for SIRPIZZA ;D
JoeHames4StA well they were concurrent, not consecutive. More to come
That awkward moment when your grandma starts singing stereo hearts
Demain j'ai pas physique ! Qui dit pas avoir physique dit pas de travaille x) :D et dit prendre à 8h30 :) !
Fun day at the Trafford Centre today, found 3 potential outfits for work's Christmas Night Out!
adamtillsley was Holland and I was Poland on FIFA, he was beating me 3-0 at half time and I came back to win 4-3
My parents put up the tree without me,
Walking round the house belting out bit of Jason Mraz I'm yours and then change into Mariah Carey All I want for Christmas is you.
Incredible news regarding garyspeed. To the world it looked like he had everything yet he must have been in so much turmoil!
My niece lost my headphones and these pink ones i have suck
about to take my math exam nervous !
  aNNuaL DancE sHow TodaY!!!
Tonight the worst night ever , I think everythin my fault!
game at gibbs tomorrow!
BaileyShope2 I honestly didn't even see this tweet till now lol and no didn't make it but onley got three hours of sleep
Lucky me I get to see bayy_12 :)
Got my good news of the day
going to bed with one side of my throat hurting, and waking up with the other side hurting...
2 weeks for the next naruto installment! NotHappy the anime is still on dumb fillers
where is a box of pills when ya need themm.... -_-
I hate waiting for him to text me I didnt even do shit ! Ugh ! Your so frustrating!!!!!!
Dumb broad in the bus talking on the phone telling the whole world her confrontation with another broad!!! -_-
I was hoping for pizza ..
Thinking about chopping my hair off
ohhmandyy he seems a little heated.
Finally made it back....bout time...I'm dumb tired...thank God for the traveling grace....
why is my facebook covered in porn pictures?
Keep on turning over to 'a cinderella story' too late):
That moment when you think that it's your fault but you really don't know what went wrong.
Christmas music and study! What are you doing?
Nearly spelt the name of my secret santa in form's name wrong! That would have been funny and
Yet another fantastic day at work big s/o to my TCR team 4 ripping the shit out of it day in day out
I need to draw a dragon. I can't draw a f-ing dragon.
my apartment smells like Christmas trees.
cruise with a texan?
jny23ug cant sleep before i know the results/scores and thats if power wins.
Yeah, I'm awake. What of it?
Going in for surgery soon.
I'm seriously about to use my paycheck to buy you real pants.
dont know what id do without musiccc!
CEEology i think ur supposed to use a buncha blue LED's lol. I know. One officer has one.
Waiting in the rain for a smelly CIE bus.
All those little tryhards that think its American Idol in a 3rd grade concert
Anybody wanna come over? Came home to an open cribb
Got to the library, finally in the mood to do some major work on this term paper and I left my proposal back at my apartment...
I can't stand when my mother try's to ask me a million questions as soon as a get home!!
Remember discos the crisps. Bought them yestarday there not the same.
Is it sad that I can tell which hairdressers has done carolines hair :')
Top work by Wednesday at children's hospital yesterday!
Okay so it's not a car or an ambulance. It's a giant generator and it sounds like it will be there all night.
I just wanna be where you are tonight
This man just walked into Western Union and reached wayyyy under.... And digged out his ass.....
I'm not sure if everyone is being obnoxious or if just cause my head hurts Frustrated !!!
it would be greatly appreciated if my teachers could put up my exam grades
My Voxer, Facebook, Twitter and Tagged inboxes are all full...I don't want a 30 year old behemoth
You definitely mean a lot to me
laurenyoshihiro where did you find those
I just had a sandwhich .... And didnt finish it .. You want those leftovers too?
All alone in my aunt mansion :D <3333 omg I'm in love with this house! excited!
I love all my friends.
I mightt actually pass cosmo proud (:
Listening to country music until I fall asleep
You can have any dude and you choose him?
“charles_sharpes: Semis of CanaryIslandsopen tonight LEGGO” good luck bro
Westconn probably the worst school in America! Thank god I only have one year left!
why is everything so sketch?
Done with one, onto another
Today the motha fucking scream tour lets get shit cracking lol ' I woke up out of bed singing excited'
Picking up JessaAdkins. Been a couple days since ive seen her and my boy.
My advent calender chocolate looked deformed today,
pacer basketball on my tv.
Road trip coming soon! with leluvla213 :)
Nog 45 minuten en dan stadddjee <3 love ! XsarjenkaX & xmarleennx & xMeerz & iNEZM_ & britttwitterloos <3.
Almost 4 years and now u wanna show the real u .
People who run up escalators, I hate you.
I have a picture with u in the year book?!
I never wanna be in the situation my coworker is in!
Ok getting peoples tweets to my phone.
Harry Potter weekend!!
who knew one message could completely change everything
guess who is going to the breaking dawn premiere tonigt!! this girl!!
Piano professor said my pieces sound great! I'm defiantly ready to perform them for my jury tomorrow!!
My parents are way to hype about this whole Santa on the fire truck thing
olivia_talbot zzzzz it was well boring I thought and she didn't look amazing
“Mandy_Orlando: It's about to be a good day.” no it's not because you forgot my jello.
Echt mazzel gehad ik download FIFA 12 op IPOD. Kost normaal 4,99 nu was het gratis
LORD JESUS,You alone are worthy of my PRAISE.
erin_stritt taylor_spald fiiiinally! hannahbart2 now kteh's all here.
For everyone thats in my life and is there for me.
Church gone be supa thick for da Xmas program...only reason some ppl comin is so their kids can get their gifts!
My brother needs to shit the fuck up
Hahahhaa on a short bus! Love Geisinger Thanksgivings :) thankful :)
If I don't get Chipotle today, I'n gonna
I soo don't want to be on my way to work...I want to go back to sleep!!! Ugh
Less than 4 days until Boston!!!!
Hw sweet it is 2 end a chat u dnt want.:)
Redding_3 I wuvv you doll!(: text meh!
I can't even deal with my own retardness
Felt good to kick back with my lil  nephews today...play some Madden nd eat papa john also.
Auditions for Carousel at Mercy after school.
I would be really happy If can have a date this Christmas .
John 15:13 Greater love has no one than this, than to lay down one’s life for his friends. Note that Christ died for all humanity.
I'm mad they picked this pic for my ID I wanted my other one !! But hey I look constipated in this one :D
People who look like naked mole rats that just jumped out of the river at 10 in the morning!! annoying thingsthatwearmeout kinmarieee
I can't believe they're going to tear down the downtown Jittery Joe's roasting location to build a Walmart.
havent straightened my hair once this past week
First time watching my fantasy quarterback play all season.
dontwakeaislin is warming up c:
that awkward moment when you're sick and can't hit a high note to save your life
DavidLeonte smh smh that shit hurt lmao
Sleeping alone tonight
We are so thankful to everyone out there that has helped us with our new business! We have had such a blast the past 6 months! :)
1D1YEAR sitting in front of my tv total smiling away hahahaha
everything doesn't have to be a competition....
My clothes are soaking wet...
i hate the spic bus annoyed -__-
LoveIsAHigh meeee too! I miss my Love!
Tell the people who are important to you that you love them every chance you get
Good Morning!! Woke up counting my blessings!
grandma and grandpa are visiting from england!!!! happy!
When do my inhabitants come back?
I hate texting people and they don't use punctuation and i can't  distinguish if its a question or not.
FaceTime date 11 = fail
Totally forgot I had a bottle hidden in my room
Huh. My 10-thousandth tweet was about fat-suits and fart jokes.
You broke my heart each and every day but someone great came along and fixed it along with my sad frowned up face....
Can't even finish a shorti from WaWa. What the fuck is wrong with me
Michigan wins, ohio and boise state lose. Good day in college football
Golf on the TV so I'm in the kitchen with Frank, Dean and Bing
NicoleKassx Ginger minger ;p disgusting <3
I HATE It When You Do That./:< Annoyed.
Sitting in this jetta, falling in love
i don't understand why people can't just be honest. it's really not that hard.
Williams puts in UVU's 2nd banked in 3.
last night was sooo much fun ^__^ kumpleto ang tropa
Disconnect, focus, design & write..
this weekend went so fast...annoying.
I just wanna take the time out to say thanks for putting up with me .
Went to class today and didnt even get to hear  Mack_Blazin 's stories disappointed ;(
Won two of my 3 heats today& didnt get last on my backstroke:)
A stormy day made bright: climbing the steel arch of  Sydney Harbor Bridge (BridgeClimb_Syd), I saw a proposal @ the summit.
today was just an overall bad day. embarrassing :(
smallBIGpeace Thanks for the follow! LOVE what you are doing. peace is the only way.
I have alot of best friends.. Id tag you all bu if i leave someone out ill feel bad.. So just much love for bein good friends!!
Dude get off my dick...
havent tlked to her all day............................
Hey Colts coaching staff, put 8 in the box! They're going to run it!
I dont enjoy dentist appts.
Writing another lab procedure.
Got some nice furniture now its time to pik out da paint color
CourtneyLynn122 lol for sureeee. the ink in mine is fading because mine scabbed sooo bad :(((
I miss baseball!!!!!!!! But more honestly, I miss Chipper Jones more than anything. Baseball season please come back!!
There is nothing I need to buyy from Black Friday
this robin thicke aint worth a penny…smh
just to let everyone know , I AM NOT EVER PAYING MY PHONE BILL . its way too high . so im not gon have a cell phone anymore .
Paying bills always reminds me..that God is STILL providing! When it truly doesn't have to be. thankful.
Marcel the shell will never get old
Why does tumblr not let me customize my damn theme ?!
KidOutta_bklyn lol I know..I fell off..I need to go back before I lose my girlish figure lol Ima be
Today is the big day for houseofmanila 3rd magnefic collection photoshoot! :-* release date of the collection TBA tonight.
End of the year meeting/luncheon
shelbypratt and I are on our way to see you!!!! amanda_quiz get
Ughhhh I wish you would just say yes already!!
0ridgeinal ...weren't we already?
need to cheer up
Who's trying to go NeonNancy1 fashion show tonight?
Add a required field to an existing object == red tests, a lot of them
When my mom is a bitch <<< bro, chill out
Schatz just dropped a magnet on the floor
Nothing sucks more than feeling all allone, no matter how many people are around..
Mi sister won Best Director and Best Scriptwriter in AC's playfest, I heard?  Graaaaabe. Yayyy   Congrats Inna!!!!
when people with anger issues smash things up it irritates me. why do that? you'll just have to clean it up after. annoying!
Living life with no regrets!  Still so hyped up from spending time with TheDappy and missduverney <3 Amazing to meet both of them!
Orange cream dream milk! Dad what were you thinking?
Maghrib in the UK !! Time to have a one-to-one with our Lord! Hasten to Prayer! Hasten to Success! Exciting!!
I hate when I tell somebody something and they weren't listening the whole time!
So mans hearing that AhmedSledge is gonna get me an iPhone for xmas! =D
Somebody somewhere didnt wake up today. I thank God he woke me...blessed and
Everybody keep asking me when I'm cutting my hair
& this is exactly why the dallascowboys cannot have a close game. because they dont know how to be a clutch team.
Dont even have our christmas tree up yet.
Can't believe there are so many atheist jokes accounts on twitter
Damnnn people are so immmature these days. when you say bye.. it means dont replyy! but no his boy dont know when to fucking stopp
Twitter is being a twat again. My timeline won't refresh. Have tried all my twitter apps and they're ALL at it!
Don't stop believing. Hold onto that feelinggggggg :)
I am just in one of those moods today. Lol
Ryan Braun used steroids?
good mornin!!! TGIF! glad He allowed me to make it thru the week thankful &
Some people came up to me last night & said its about time the city got some real young talent , yall gone make it big
she got mo hair on her legs then on her head
Why do I always find myself in the slowest damn lane.
A dormir con mi niña 
Can tomorrow just be here now or
They were on the screen for like 10 seconds, disappointed.
bowlof_SOUP id come with you
Yesterday felt like Saturday. Today feels like Saturday. Tomorrow will feel like Saturday.
i just made soup on the hob. that is seriously a huge achievement for me!
Why do we have class ugh
justinbieber I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR YOU TO NOTICE ME IN 3 YEARS!! you saved my life, and you dont even know i exist.. Sad <3 9
My bae say Christmas ain't used to mean ish but now it does cause he got a family & it hurts him cause he can't be here!!
It hs been an awesome day
theincred1ble I'm sorry if you saw any of my nasty ass tweets.
I'm surprised i even did that essay
Out of all the smiles in the world i like urs the best. love <3 :)
*In the loudest voice possible* I HATE THIS PLACE!!! The people (females) here are really getting on my nerves
Trips to walmart with my family are ridiculous...my dad just said 'gracias amigo' to our CHINESE checkout man...
Packing for Worlds Most Beautiful ! (: I can't believe this weekend is already here
NONE OF MY TWEETS ARE GOING THROUGH. FRUSTRATED.
I guess your not gonna text me.? Once again not doing what you say your gonna do! Other than this thanks for breaking your promise.
Research for thesis topic
Don't talk crap.
I love December. Christmas goes so hard.
Why can I never sleep
Hate changing the channels and one program is WAY louder than the previous
I hate when I accidentally send something to the wrong person -____-
teganlumbers why the hell can I not retweet your shit? Annoyed :)
My hair will not curl  right! ugh
What an awesome, fantastic, never forgetting type of a day :)
havent tweeted today disappointed.
Glad tomorrows Friday, scrimmage then game weekends happy!
A DRAW!!!!! Alll we needed was a fooking DRAW!!!!
If Amberr_Cole Give Me 3 Mentions I Will Be So
If I finish by 5:30 I might jus get 5 WHOLE hours of sleep EEEEP! \o/
Do you ever feel that your neverwanted with any on
My Friend popped by n just said I need to go to a street corner and sell my accessories!!
karaoke night at Burger Mama's with laurenlaine01 and notwittersamantha...
just looked at my facebook .... wasn't expecting to see his face.
bkleans68 pick a channel already
if  you  cnt  walk  &&  talk  either  sit  the  hell  down  or  put  the  damn  phione  down  ugh
It is almost too good to be true
been a long day, defiantly gotta get some zzzz to prepare me for tomorrow
BASKETBALLL!!!!!!!!!! UNC_Basketball begins the 2011-2012 National Championship run in less than 26 hours!!
lol , doesn't sound like anyone cheered after that touchdown .
I put carmex on & still lick my lips sad lol
Can't wait for Harry Potter World !!!
SouthwestAir Never heard from anybody from customer service btw BT.
whoever is blaring their strange music while I'm trying to write this essay... please stop.
dying my hair red later.
SerinaStein oh I'm at a concert joe and I ate going to try to come!
I wish MrBellakeo was taking care of me rite now
2moro is our 4 mthsary :(  haissshhh ... Wht to do wht to do !
There has been karaoke on all afternoon in the middle of the street outside work!
WTH is GSU doing right now losing to N Dakota State
YogaVision misfitstudio got caught up at occupy and won't make it to class in time :( time flies when your painting with kids
KourtneyKardash both of your sisters tweeted at me! Make my twitter life complete & reply please ? :)
when you finally get the worlds craziest dog to sleep but you then realise you can't move because he's on your lap
I highly dislike when oomf RT's every single tweet
Almost done with this Research paper then HOMEWARD BOUND TOMORROW AFTERNOON!
YYYAAAYYY JUST SAW A COMMERCIAL THAT SAY 90's CARTOONS ARE COMING BACK ON MONDAY NIGHTS.....
going to have a nice bubbly bath while listening to a bit of ed sheeran.
Gym today and then two hour practical :)
Catching up with BravoTopChef, and man, Heather Terhune is a SCUM BAG!!
Smiling makes you feel GREAT, even if you don't mean it at 1st. Don't believe me? TRY IT
_PATRICK_WOLF Awww, de rien! C'est toujours un grand plaisir de te voir!
I juSt lOvE thE wAy >1< perSon in youR liFe cAn maKe u So hApPy**
My girl Allison was totally on Marcus at the end lol! Love watching my friends dancing on the xfactor stage!
glennmorrison So true on both points!
if they had presented last tues like da professor stated, then we WOULD NOT STILL BE HERE
Thank You lord for waking me up & allowing me to see the day of Monday December 19th, 2011...
there's a fine, fine line between love and a waste of time.
tufootball accomplished their goal of restoring the roar. You shouldnt be disappointed boys.
Packing and listening to music :)
ii cant be your qirl no more!!!
4 days till my final knee appointment
Thank GOD for another day
J'ai réussi à m'endormir pendant un partiel...
When guys take my glasses and impersonate me!
FINALLY HE ACCEPTED ME! :-D
My sister Sosoit29 made ne my own sweet potatoe pie....now that's LOVE!!!!
The crappy moment when that person texts you and then you realize it's a forward...
Why are there so many whores and so many wanna-be whores?
Going out with my girls abouli15 and strosy. What would I do without you guys?!?
Had a great day of research and new biz work and then of course SLAMMED in the last hour of power with urgent client work... annoying!
Tickets bought for the liverpool game!! :)
Took over for Travis on quickscoping in MW3 definetley killed everybody.
Last night I was walkin' around with a laptop bag full of liquor and loud......
i <3 all of my 0 followers.
justinbieber I remember when u performed U Got It Bad with your leafs shirt, now look at you! proud <3
Starting to hate babysitting my cousins
wish you never had called me ..
The future has so many surprises and I can't wait until it arrives, excited 2 more months and school is over for me!
Its only 9:55 and I'm already tired...
HAHA! J'ai trouvé un bout de mon homme sur une photo
BABeckham91 leave the bathroom light on! You know I'm scared of the dark and all alone tonight!
There's never shit to do
My baby niece could be here as early as tomorrow!!!! Ahhhh
Let's do some linear algebra.
When you have an amazing tweet... But no one retweets you<
Fuck teapots, fuck ceramics
oh of course I understand AustinPeterNiel I cannot wait to be reunited with you in t-minus 8 days
Lets see aced both my exams. And maxing on squats? Very good day!
I hate when people text you first but then they never text you back
I'm glad we play at 2 Saturday. Get the night off. Happy!
when you realise your the fattest person in the room
my aunt wants me to tell my cousin that santa isnt reall
Its a strange feeling when you feel as if everything you've done in the past 3 days has been wrong...
Matilda is such a good movie :)
m0rgan park just lost
Hope they accept it..
My mind will never change, you always be the one, even when push comes to shove you always be the one I
samarlikescats didn't die in the theater today :(
Thanking God for Blessing Me to be Able to See Another Day
Got a B+ on my precalc test!!
One of the reasons I'm starting to hate facebook : people say flow after every activity
Watching the Real World <3
I hate when my head phones keep falling out over and over again!
ihatesash It was u os last year that marinated me 4 claiming the spot kicks when comparing stats, & now u os r taking it!
Making birthday cupcakes for katie!
I have come to hate work tomanyoncalks annoyed kelseymatson
Ignore sarah dayyyyy! fyou #
willoneill27 just asked me if I knew what the song was in the Cialis commercial because he likes the music.
Feels alot better now that he is talking to me!!!:)
It feels so weired not having my blackberry with me!
cazalorganism peace fam. darealdibiase and i had a great time building with you yesterday. thanks for lacing us with that program.
My fans are amazing
Is so thrilled for MrsLRCooper if the reports of a baby girl is true. Fantastic news
I'm at breaking dawn with Kelsey! :D make fun all you want. I'M EXCITED.
Lord u are awsome!
The moment you get when you get done with all your homework
Last night with her
azkalsVsLAgalaxy 1st in trending worldwide!!!
Made it to the office before 9am after a holiday weekend ... thank you sweet baby Jesus
I've just watched rememberme film oh my god the ending is soooo sad can't handle things with twintowers sad ='(
This morning I was watching tosh.0 and I saw a pregnant lady dancing with an oute belly button....
Wishing the dolphins were playing good.
Last night was a much need night, with my
That moment when you can't think of the word you need to complete the perfect introductory sentence.
jasmineeeex3 thanks lady, that's
This is gng to be the greatest wknd EVER!!!
_tuneout let's go back!
I just remembered that I have a piano recital 2morrow. I'm tried of playing in front of people.
Pgpgpgpgpgpgpgpgpgpgpg calling all b-unit. MISSION MEETING TODAY YIHEE
Home home home home home!!!
I love how happy people are on holidays :)
dear professor, thanks for giving us the day off, but you could have just e-mailed us. coming in to be told to leave
oh well I guess I'll watch this nephew tommy comedy show n go to sleep
i juss voxed OOMF something crazy
Miss my Mum! she's only been away for a day..
23 days, 5 hours, 47 minutes till christmas!
On the train. This guy singing extra loud -_- Im trying to sleep !
Dancing around my basement with jeans and my sports bra on.
Didn't get to see her tonight:/
Maybe next year tech Will actually get to play a bowl game...
BreysChoice You right though real talk. I'm deleting it.
I cant keep up with everyones tweets in my timeline -
Best night I've had in a while :)
my mom dumb ass just fell on the floor & she just laying thereee -_-
Ms.Pinkerton not here either.
ESU is so stupid with scheduling classes. I hate it.
U cant say something we are not...cant say ALL not even majority...
Omg why are people so sketch!!!?? Like how do you live with yourself??? Lie after lie? Like honestly! What is wrong with you!?
dont try ranch and apple sauce!
AHHH!! LewisHamilton has a twitter :)
JayTheWanted LOL! Guess what, it's my birthday tomorrow :D excited xx
chloegruber so does that mean I have to get rid of my twitter in five months?
i hope in 10-15yrs, you realize what big of a mistake you made.
Because of Jesus, I've got faith in tomorrow.
HOPE THE FLOOR WIT THAT ANNOYING BEEP GET SOME TYPE OF SLEEP BUTS ITS GOING BE HARD THOUGH I DEF KNW ITS BEEN ON OUR FLOOR TWICE ANNOYING!
i went to hollister after school today & tried to get a job. i have to be 17 disappointed ):
Taking one step forward and getting knocked ten steps back 
When the avocadoes are either much too squishy or far too hard.
Bespren wakoylabot are you okay? :s
How I Met Your Mother this week was extremely depressing and sad.
Time is taking too damn long
Most boring shift ever...
My dad is obsessed with the Mexican channel and commentating everything since he doesn't understand Spanish.
haven't had chinese food in so long
Hey Jealousy by Gin Blossoms.
Hate that my dad's deciding to be all productive. I just wanna be lazy. shutup annoyed.
Can't wait for my bestie to come home tomorrow :)
Think I'll eat sum cookies to drown my boredom in...
Today is really starting to suck. YouKillMe Hurt :(
I'm so glad my mom is not gonna be here tomorrow
phillybawlz LEAVE ME ALONE. Lmao annoying :(
Niggas Out Here Trife If She Dont Wanna Have Sex With You Dont Try To Rape Her
I hate wearing flats cause I'm constantly tripping over my feet
You think I would be used to this by now. disappointment.
So after several years of drinking Nescafe Gold, I just realized how the original Nescafe tastes why better
I hate flying on small prop planes...esp when its rainy out. This is what happens whn some1 else makes my flight arrangements 4 me.
Everything everyone is doing today is pissing me off.
Thank God for giving me a hubby that will going to love me for who I am. And understands me even if I arrived home as late as 5:00 AM.
Finna get my lip pierced yee
why are people so hypocritical sometimes?
The only song you know is What Makes You Beautiful.
bieber on tlc(L)! , couldnt be there tn buuuuuut i heard you and you were amazing
Harry_Styles ... just think this time last year u where in the final ... YOU GUYS HAVE COME SOOO FAR ...
I don't wanna get outta bed. I don't wanna get ready and I don't wanna go out.
Woop! Happy anniversary branbranbear !!!!! :)
Woow verkeerde woord gebruiktt. I'm living the life I've always missed now happy *
JaniStephenson well done for putting the # in the right place babe!
Last minute shopping tomorrow and possibly my long awaited tattoo!! Hopefully the sketch will be the one i want!
_desss_ hahahaha. That whole status made my day. I LOLed in class.
'S morgens baden met heeeeeettt water.
Thank you for the txt this morning..
First day of work tomorrow!!
clumsyballerina Yea, I've been trying to stop expecting anything except what I can give myself because I'm tired of being
seriously? i have the newest car here, don't park your piece of shit truck taking up the whole driveway.
I'm not accustomed to these feelings The loneliness is burning in my soul ...
cant wait 2 see the muppets today!
a week from today is gunna be the best fucking night.
ELF is on!!!!!! OMG!
Just remembered I have a midterm tomorrow...hurt.
Those cheap-ass pencils with erasers that fuck up the paper more than the mistake you made..
Laying down with my guitar on one side of me, and a scribble-filled notepad on the other..
I look like somebody stole my puppy! Lol
I can't wait till tomorrow
Going to be a good night!!!! Hope tmr mornings not too rough(;
And I got a 75% on my midterm
marissssssaa ovina17  Praying for you guys!
Big bro in here gettin toasted before work
crazythamz apoo na.. There's traffic but no such plans.
My man takes care of me AND he's good lookin.. yeah, jackpot.
when you go outside and it is raining and you get rain on your glasses
Do what you love and fuck the rest
Trevor just told me he saw my tweet about how I said i love my boyfriend since 12/10/10 & Idc what anyone says about love..
Huh 2 more days...! I hope dis happens or this aint finna be good... Worried!
God has been toooo good 2 me
Another HendricksFamily Thanksgiving is in the books. Whew! They just get more atrocious every year.
Downloading music on my computer is such a bitch
Kid cudi releasing a jam from wizard tonite ohhh shitttt I'm so hype right now!!!!!!! RAGE!!!!!
Waiting on my dad Idk getting a temporary car maybe its a surprise lol my real one is ready ! <3
Im having the worst service right now!!
God has me right where im supposed to be and im embracing every minute of it. growth and
Trying to get your point across but they still believe they're right.
Ashieboo84 lovely what colour? What's the plan for sat hun I cnt wait to get out now
New macbook is a go, and I don't seem to have lost any files! Thank god for backups. Just gotta recompile my music library now.
I wish i was shorter, everyone always thinks the short girl's cute, never the tall girl.
JennaZitkus that's what I'm talking about. You down to go?
I am thankful for friends and family yes. But also for all the cats and my wonderful job(:
I care by beyonce on repeat..
Hashtag tired of hearing people say Hashtag...
Today Is Either Gonna Be Really Great Or Really Terrible. Confused And
Damnit....left my birthday cake ice cream sandwiches in the MF freezer...
i hate those moments when ur parents makes a big scene den makes u translate
some people can really surprise you
it amazes me how stupid people are...
Why am I like the most amazing secret santa ever?!!!
I swear ppl need to learn that MY LIFE = Its ONLY for ME to worry about and for YOU to mind YOUR OWN!
judy_norton by The time you graduate you will have stacks and stacks of those..it's ridic / annoying /
Hate when I realize twitter unfollowed me from my friends.
I really lost feelings for Oomf ..
Feeling sleepy & relaxed after a great Thanksgiving meal...
I passed chemistry. It's a Christmas miracle!!
Get me out of here
StevenDCampbell kaylaswann13 kstrickland2011 stop talking about summer. That senior summer ain't coming back...
It true the 2am thing..i woke up from a good dream that went bad at 2am exactly!!!
Where is shawney at!?
been in very severe pain for 3 days, and all i can do about it is tweet, buy supreme hats, take pills and write
Tryin to get XBOX working :/
Nothing makes me more mad than photoshop!
twitter I used to like your iPhone app because I could change font sizes to my preference - now its seems I can't
My baby just left ! Happy :)
Me n twin912 finna see wat deals we can find!
I get to see him after he gets off work<3
Damn. Tonight's Obituary show was cancelled.
Just found out the hard way that BlueJays RickyRo24 has a double and wasn't in Windsor Ontario today
Why has nobody woken me up with a cup of tea this morning!?
2PrettyGirlSwag wish I was home chiiling
i'v dis strong urge 2 go home, nw. Struggling 2 remember wats keeping me here
Its nearly christmas.. Yay!! :D getting ready for the celebrity santa at work.. Who will it be???
Can't wait for B_Ayeee11 to meet the family tomorrow! excited thisshouldbeinteresting (:
I'm home . . And my mother cooked
I feel bad for people who get dey shyt stolen cuss i noe how dhat feel damn niggas really theivin in woodbridge now
DonnieWahlberg I'm up at that time every workday. No worries. ;-)
reading that felt like someone threw a knife at my chest.
thingsweallhate ghetto ass females!! like it aint attracive at all
Not a lot happening in the world of twitter today.
ImThankfulFor ChrisstineWhite for being my friend since 7th grade, even though we've lost touch, you know I'm always here for you<3
Er oppe i min 50 follower er faktisk 51, followers
justinbieber been told its the second anniversary of 'My World' gotta say you've come a long way since then! proud swag 10
HeavenIsForReal just grounded me again!
I hate when boys treat my best friends like jerks. Like they don't deserve it at all.
My family, i wouldnt trade them for anybody;-)
pekingspring omg I am so thankful to you now re uncon. Its taking bloody ages :/ *argh* annoyed.
6. that one spot on your back that you cant reach >.<
Shoutout to my boy millsberry18 hard work always pays off brotha. proud af
Christmas trees up, but where's the snow?
P.S. If you just ate food, you may want to read that article I just posted later today, as to not lose your lunch.
It isn't Christmastime until I've listened to Nat King Cole sing carols
The next door neighbor's dog is barking a storm. Someone needs to feed the Lil bastard some chocolate!
I must not be worthy of this thing called love.
“RelatableQuote: I hate when someone says they hate someone, then they hangout with them.” exactly!
You know im complicated, sometimes crazy and even through all that you still make me smile :D
I really hate when people use too many !'s
Nichole_Perry3 When are we getting this damn chipotle?
Last day GEWUK and am in Yeovil Somerset Preston School. Traffic getting to Leeds Bradford airport is solid
God has Def been with me this year since I made some changes in my life.
life is just becoming more and more unbareable and more emotional...
It would be way easier if you could just get out of my head, but I kind of like having you in there
Abtta call it ah night
Brings that smile on your  face even when you feel sick and down LOVE <3
Gonna have gnizama_emma over tonight!!!
MinecraftChick I am thankful for IGN providing that live stream of Minecon! Can't wait to go next year!
Taking in TreySongz' IGottaMakeIt CD right now
esjayonline Oh just your profile pic on fb. you should be
2 more hours of work!!!!! Whoohoo!
SO SAD I CAN'T SEE THE ICONICBoyz IN L.A :'( NEXT WEEKEND SAD :'(  </3
I'm so grateful for this place. And for my friends here.
For peace of mind, we need to resign as general manager of the Universe.~Larry Eisenberg
Half blonde, thee other half jet black..hope it turn out correct
just cha-cha-ed an ap euro question.
R.I.P. blueberry muffin
My phone sucks. I get more service in my basement then in my room on the second floor.
those kids that answer every question the teacher asks in class ..
SosaDaeRascal these days no one evens know the meaning of being a girlfriend or boyfriend
benitashbyy rizzle kicks performing CIN
Meh and My Boyfriend Don't Know How Too Spell
Me an maddieb_123 just got married divorced re-engaged!! :)
LisaLiGilby aww! Have fun think I'll do mine this week
About to punch a bitch. Are you for real right now??
Headed to ponte vedra to do some more shopping
«HISBOY_TOY My birthday is rite around the corner excited»
NiallOfficial Niall Horan why are you so cute ? :O Follow me please make my dream comes true you'll be an angel <3
nowwatching X-Men: First Class with lewmoulds
In a great mood :)
Now I feel like my entire workout was a complete waste.
MUET had proven me i am a deaf person. Listening test dapat lowest markah kot hahahahaha
I swear these people annoy the living shot out of me ! omg
G'nite! 2 days till Korea!
Its Good To See Some These Yung Black Fathers Step Up And Handle They Business
I look like a little, Parisian today.
My heart is racing like crazy.
One day its good,one day its bad. Today is tht day.
Its sunny out... :o and its december ... :) Happy.
At work. Not that bad of a time. Saw two and half friends. Anyone else going to visit?
these essay's are really starting to pile up
Damn not sure what's wrong with any UW teams right now
I for real have the best mom ever!
christmas list is stacked
Found my true love; Country music <3
Can't wait to spend Thanksgiving with my Baby and his family :)
Driving the excursion for the first time since the crash!
Happy December
Goin to breakfast w cousins SAT
the amount of jizzing on my timeline already. and the show hasn't even started yet.
HAHA ! sucks for youuuu
I wish I was taller.the girls I want are always taller,but my boys told me there are short niggas getting tall chicks,u just gotta ball.
No one understands anymore..
itsTiimothy And I thought you would know my sense of humor by now -___-
Aye.. At least the raiders one today.. Not such a bad day.. I guess, ahhh, who am I kidding today has been the worst day ever
Feelinggood right nw but I feel out of place
En la película 'La Fabulosa aventura de Sharpay' sena la canción de baby :)
Need a job but no one is hiring.
idkk why i even bother...
listening to panty droppa i cant wait to learn the choreo :D
that was my mini rant of the day; hatred of 2 college professors who are just Arrogant and
kayleeoldenburg cuz my mommy didn't hand the money in on time & I did not get to try out...
zaynmalik and Real_Liam_Payne Why are you too sooooooo cute <333 and you guys have the greatest voices EVER if you haven't realized
i would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought; & that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder. g.k. chesterton
Where the hell is the snow day?!
iTunesMatch is slightly pissing me off and ruining my iPhone.  annoyed.
I love being with my family :) happy!
S/o KAKEYxxxx For Tweeting Me Back
Happy Birthday NoahGrayCabey !! :D il à 16 ans les gars !! :D
I love coming home to Apacheav8rix and casey_nixon. Great conversation and such.
why do I even try
Mums coming home and bringing me yummy food. missing sam :[ 6 more days!
The parole board clears Chad Mitchell Olsen, responsible for the death of Brad and Krista Howe, to move from prison to a halfway house.
that moment when your bestguy friend is about to date a skank and you can't say anything without looking jealous annoyed ispeakfemale
My Period Havent Came Yet....
Figures my Internet stops working when I finally decide to study and need it to print off notes
Drinks with my bitches
Shopping today for Christmas & just waiting to get a phone call later tonight(:
Y do ppl walk into public establishments smelling like wet cat dirty dog and ass!!!
Had an amazing wknd! Only 7more sleeps to go
So my little bro said he was in luv and she broke his heart..............i wanna laff my teeth out......
BaDd_DiivO_wOrK FUCK THAT! Yall dont fuck w/ me no more.. and its
Can someone just get me a goldfish and that can just be my boyfriend.. Please
TheeMKeith cait_wheeler okay you two are done!??????
JileyNyrus HAPPY BIRTHDAYYY once again :** <3
katyperry is the host and musical guest on snl this week?! IS IT SATURDAY YET?!!
Had a good day in town today, got a few Xmas pressies, Had lovely lunch and saw family!! it's gonna be a good week...
Had a goood day!
Not to brag, buuuut.. I have the most amazing friends ever:)
Can't stop smiling.
That moment when you're so fucking
I got the job at New York & Company :))
Made train which involved having to drive literally just three streets to get to station...my neighbour had to do same thing!
Teen mom 2 at 10 (:
2011was overall a great year and a learning experience as is every year! Someone really amazing came into my life and i am so thankful :)
GUESS I GOT MY $WAGGA BACK.
when the guy you like calls every girl he's friends with hot & won't stop talking about them when y'all are together < likeokay ?
Brother said he bringing us to a korean restaurant, we walked in and they were chinese.
VICKtorious_22 because no one wants to text you first...
Someone lost major points today.
Just bought my lonelyplanet India guide.Looking forward to cultural excursions, good food, & vibrant colors. All recs are welcome!
AnoOofa I'm happy it's came bcz we'll finish from this year 2011 !! I hope 2012 good + better year in,shallah
Why is it that I can attract every old guy in the bar, but no one around my age!
Hittin up Bass Pro Shops in the morning!
ChrisThomson91 Char_lottiee dont mention Student finance please! evil. wasted 3 weeks trying to get a re-assessment. still not done
If you can't tweet something nice then don't tweet anything at all.
Gettin' closer to the holidays.
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuuuuuuck I forgot fry sauce!
4 days till Christmaaaaaaaas
Shwayze dayss like these
finally finished all my christmas shopping, now just to wrap them all, excited!
When I somehow manage to rip a hole in my pants without knowing
& why am I still sick?
And that maintains the 6 point lead :D looking forward to for elclasico now, countdown officially begins!
The real her 
This girl sitting next to me...omg..annoying.
_imweezyfsbaby i dedicated my first tweet to you and nothing! sad :(
Blablaso, dude, I was stressing out listening to it on the radio!
Genial el partido. Un placer terminar asi el dia
These heels will be the death of me!!I have been a few seconds from twisting my ankle 4 times SO FAR!!
Getting the rest of this work done
just got a unimelb emergency sms. action is required
Awesome Monday night with my bestfriend,
Never been so mad at myself
Lmfao deleting those other tweets.
Got a callback for my school show! #:)
Headache oh...pls leave mi...
imseanberry except for when you say something that could get you in trouble. Yoo tomorrow i have to show you this awesome podcast
JoshWaddle11 I have finally watched paranormal entity haha!:)x
my hair looks no different that was a waste
kapish_patel I actually wasn't thinking about that, but its still annoying ;)
Gaga's channelling her inner-Geordie in 'me' last retweet. pride.
only 4 people at the library right now including me
All I have done all night is tweet famous people pmsl
not-okay how hard it was to get help re:what salad dressing is gluten free at TAKEABAO_LA . Just went to Century Ciy location.
eastenders looks like its going to have a happy and joyfull Christmas day episode again.
Children dancing to The Who in the kitchen. Homemade fries and chicken tenders cooking.
claireabella___ oh how long do we have to wait to find out excited:-))
justinbieber my little brother just sat and sang every word to 'Mistletoe'...
My sister sarahs_scribble was I red magazine and I never knew .
Macyspeijers goed he? T is er weer helemaal af
Boy u slow as fuck and she more slow cause she know u slow
Talking Peanut butter, Banana And Honey Sandwich Blues. Dancers On The Stage Of Bread.
first day of work.
JyOtiMATHAROO will do. Look out for it this week. hope ure well peace and
I have a vegetarian, kinda sunday dinner coming up!
The awkward moment when BT phones you and you accidentally hang up on them!
Glad im single my ex lost out here smh she dont kno what she want
Just realised. Less than a month till I see thewombats in Liverpool. excited!
I hate unrealistic dreams that have me actually thinking I'm doing what I'm dreaming, I always wake up
That little spark of happiness you get when you find a dollar in your pocket (':
Hilarious to watch my mum hoover up her phone
LAUGHING OBNOXIOUSLY AND EXTREMELY LOUD ISN'T CUTE
Took care of you for three days straight and when I'm sick you can't even answer a damn text?
Going home in a few weeks...
Alfonso_Rod89 I miss my wingman
ONLY 1,30 HOURS LEFT TILL I'M 15., :D
xbluerosex amen, Angie. Glad we already suck the first game of the season. I smell fear.
Just got the new maydayparade cd :) SO pumped. love.
i need a new background. tired of lookin at Bey pregnant ass.
Well i guess i will lay down get readyy for skooll :-( cant wait until christmas break..
First class was only 20 minutes
nawtiemissie hw cud u forget my bday dear hiphopchic
Why can I never sleep?
MyriamSn Complètement fou. Immense, beau, il y a tous les magasins imaginables. Le 5eme plus grand au monde
Sister may be coming tomorrow best get all my jobs done now lol!
maddieesoups band of horses stole my heart in April at the kol show. I got to hang out with them after the dallas show in august.
Damn white girls always falling when they getting chased Sad =)
Pandora is great. I truly can't believe I've never heard half of the artists
I sometimes can't express how much I love country music!
Its actually so annoying when you're looking forward to something then it doesn't work out
If you want to talk to me or hang out you can text me, I don't always have to text you first
Had good intentions on going to the S.A.D.D meeting this morning but then I didn't and now I'm
Why do people get involved in things they know nothing about?
Happy Thanksgiving to all my friends and family who give me love and support everyday.
i dnt even eff wit my ipad2 nomore since i got the new iphone....
xpauliennnn  -.-' ik kan vet goed zagen! gellerd met t&d,
I love swing in the cold and looking at Christmas lights.
KristianJack jamessharman couldn't agree more boys, think he started to go down 6 inches away from the GK
Locked out of my house wearing boxers and a tank top
IF THATS MY DOG AND HE FALL IM PUT HIM BAK ON HIS FEET AND IF HE FALL AGAIN HE KEN CRAWL RIGHT BAK 2 ME
THATMOMENTWHEN you cant find your phone, and you realize its in your pocket ..
Damn she culdnt take it she had to convert to fb sad Real_LoveBonded
zbleumoon wow! THANK YOU! :D happy!
my parents always make me late for school.
Harry Potter marathon with MoriahFaith23 super excited to be cuddled up on the couch by the Christmas tree watching this fave.
Just found out I owned my only final!!!
So thankful for my SourPatchKidz. Dey are always there at times when i need dem most and no matter what we go thru its always LOVE!
S/O to my phone vibrating every 30 secs ...
**dz ppl re 2 slow 4 my liking**
Maaan Im so OVER School .. Its only by God's grace that im still Maintaining!
Tomorrow should be fun:)) excited Katelyn_Marie4
erikd17 SydDiGreg you dont know how hard i just laughed lolololol
When my mom tells me to get tighter jeans, put on lipgloss, pull my skirt up a little, or smile more
So ready to two-step!
But time, time ThamsanqaWammy wasn't here to comment on RVP's goal
Lacking people for our AV project.
Friends, family, food, football = perfect! And a beautiful day!
Guess I picked the wrong profession
All that I needed thy hand has provided. Great is thy faithfulness Lord unto me!
LaTayvv <<<< my heart!!!.... *flowers in the am* Love!
Reunited, never felt so gooodddd<3
davidbligh picked up my symphony Christmas music.
Mood went from good to crap. Sunshine and warmth was blown away just now by a wicked cold front, hail and rain.
I can't stand when people don't text you back, but they tweet..
Females that think he gone gale you when u smashed the homie
I can't wait to see his surprise for me on New Years Eve :-) Ring?....I don't mind
I think it's so funny how the simplest things can be so easily done and people still chose not to do them
loving on people can be messy. dont leave them with the mess on their life. help them clean up the love with love.
Battman17 Always good times at the Tgiving eve service. Lower attendance than I'd like, but so great to hear what God is doing.
Finally caught a 30sec break from work!
I'm alwayssss home alone.
Received some early feedbacks ...
justinbieber ohh i havent see u online for a long time! :/ you'll never notice me :(
'Everything About you pains my Envying'
jus like old times bdubs with everyone
claytor_x LOL love how she puts 'hunni' on the end as well haha what a TWAT. as if she retweeted it?
& on top of that im irritated .
Humanities final today /: God i know youll look after me while taking this test. nervous. /:
Now I can't sleep.
Everyone Has The Capability To Fall In Love ,,, Not Everyone Has The Capabilities To Stay In Love >>>
Track try outs today. Gonna tear it up...even though I won't be here...
adam levine why are you so sexy?
The grudge 2 kijken lonely..
Hope my little brother is alright
The art direction of Woody Allen's 'Alice' is insanely amazing. The saturated color, set decoration, & costumes are blowing my mind.
When it hurts to look back, and you ’re scared to look ahead, you can look beside you and your best friend will be there.
Aww yeah, walk into dorm room, turn on TV, Titanic is on. Right before the dancing scene. MY FAVORITE PART OF THE WHOLE MOVIE.
This car ride is pissing me off...
Headed to the Empire State Building!!
Damn MLB players getting kidnapped
Oh man this was just the most god damn best nights! Ah don't we all only wish ..
Missed mii bby gurl I wud post a pic but her dad doesn't want meh to put her on da Internet!!!
If somebody calls you and asks for $300 within a month of knowing them, the red button with the word END on it is permitted for use
Khay slept a little bit , now omw to school with mum
Two Days In A Row My Mum Has Managed To Flop My Plans Rage...
Mamma am a comin hooome..
i can't describe the feeling i have right now; all i know is that it's the best feeling in the world. happiness =)
skelehelen y u no home yet?
I'm Seeing Pixie Lott Live On 1st Dec
Keeps fallin asleep:) ughhh... Cant wait till Michael gets off work:)
peyton_michelle I just need to thank you for that post :)
Soo I have 2 dinners this week.
My team's good, we don't really need a mascot! Dad's boys just won the Southern Classic Championship.
In working with a beautiful, autistic child today. He's a little difficult, but aren't all first graders.
Heading west after apologetics class...seems like it's dragging on and on and on....
Israel coffee break tomorrow at ABP 2pm to 5pm
On the phone but she sleep and I haven't hung up yet
In one of those moods where you cry at everything
girls who put hairbands on their shirts smh.. annoyed :)
That moment when you get excited because you think you gained a follower, but in reality you didn't
Hot Chocolate with cheap digestives! xD YUM! <3
Had hopes for the Pinstripe Bowl & subsequent New Year's NYC trip this year. Shreveport for the Independence Bowl?
Happy to announce I have a temp place to stay in YYC for the last bit of December while I job hunt. excited!
Gets to see RobynCRussell in the morning :)
Dear mom and dad, you the reason why I believe in Love!
Badnastydingaz 800k ww in Two weeks honey Rihanna isn't local like ur faves. Beys 4 isn't even 2million ww yet
Why can't I get on college e-mail from home?!??!
Up last day of school
JLS And 1D Smashed It! Proud x
I'm really starting to get
I have so much happiness & peace in my heart... Feeling Blessed
I have to go to work today! Just to get my schedule!
Dude would never use the bathroom and leave the seat up. Ugh
writing mental notes of songs that you want to look up later then being completely clueless when you actually go to listen to them.
Hate hearing bad news
this shits fucked up
Downloaded SNL ft Katy Perry and Emma Stone as hosts.
mfl 20 minutes to go before the start
Thankful for my funny friend, kimhammond who is so gifted in encouraging & reminding us of our calling.
I love being with my bestie Brittney :) I missed her!
Why not put on another game, the Packers already are up by 31
Mess with one Voigt and hunny you've messed with 'em all.
I keep opening up my fantasy football app to set my team, only to remember I'm done for the year...
We shouldn't call our young women hoes can yall please please refer to those young ladies as young ladies thank you thankful:)
18 days till competiton
In three weeks time, I shall be watching tennis at the Royal Albert Hall with claireej
damaje73 gonna bang it on s4c once my daughter has finished with WizardsOfWaverlyPlace , taking my boy over for the saracens game
Gay penguins in a zoo in Canada spend all their time together and have made the news!
Some people will never change
Two good nights in a row.
i cant stop coughing
The kids in the back of this bus are pissing me off
That moment when you try and crack your back but there are no cracks left!
& In the end its not about how many breaths you took but how many moments took your breath away!
My phone be extra dry when he doesnt have his...
ajburke33 try being single over the holidays, lonely lol
Some boys are nasty af ! They can go a whole week without taking a shower ! That's is sooo  disgusting .
The only time yo bitch is on the net is when she twatchin me
Where's my Nanan at?
Wowwww I love how my mom wont take me black Friday shopping
Great fuckin game boys almost fought for ya
hello London, how i have missed you!!!! my second home
Let's get this show on the roadddd!
I. Hate. Writing. Essays.
MsCutie010 DUDE IMA TWIT PIC EM WEN MAH TEE BRING HA ASZ BACK TU THA HOUSE .
All my niggas is light skinned and im the dark one :(
My sister keeps talking over my shoulder !!  Just freaking sit next to her if u wanna talk omg !!!
Cant Wait to see HolisticChicky LaBailey27 LoganGibson7 TieraJoy tonight!!!!
watching snow white :) bring on the childhood memories!!!
KISS MY FAT WHITE ASS.
Guess I'll be Belieber forever :)
I'm not a fan of short shorts, especially not for basketball.
Waiting Tay's new music video!Although that is premiere!
I finally got my food! Happy ^.^
Hate it when someone is ALWAYS late. Thanks for wasting my time for fucks sake!!
OHHH MY DAYSSS... THIS GIRL HAS 0% INDEPENDENCE... She actually knows NOTHING about self love and self appreciation.
I Facebook more than I tweet
bhaggs theSeanCook dbedingfield stop Awesome - such an Eames-like touch - love it.
its about to be a relaxing week no school and working my normal days! XMAS 20 days away
Ah weekend to relax :)
Garrett Uekman found dead this morning.
The most attractive thing abt pure yoga; there is a yoga class every 15mins.. 6 studios.. That is sheer
I think you just may be the one to help me put all the broken pieces of my heart back together and make it whole again
Just wasted 89 cents on a nasty donut
K asko y domingooooo.
I may have came up with the song title...
Bikers there is a sidewalk for a reason. Get outta the road you're gonna make me late
Cinderella Man is still on my Top10 list of favourite movies!
watching music videos of people on the beach dancing and going mad, makes me so extra excited for spain, fgrtrfowbsd 261 DAYS!
MsDntPissMeOff den get yuh raincoat croos hay and bring d ting....a niggah
Wonder what to do with myself tonight...gym no doubt
This is getting hard
Did great on both exams!
Going black friday shoppin alll night with all my cousins and eli at the outlet mall!
God has brought me a long way.... && for that i am
She is driving me crazy
And most the time the weed be better than the pussycat they selling!!
NathanTheWanted I've just watched it for the first time and all I can say is.. oh. my. good. god!
Wow power outage in san fran??
Never wanted to be home so bad...
In the mood for a relaxing bubble bath... But to lazy to get one ready
thatawkwardmoment when you only get 3 reese peanut butter cups when you were expecting 4
Girls that: ignore nice guys, chase after jerks, then have the nerve to complain about it.
I wish han_wil had a life and would be reasonable with her tweets. 4,000+ tweets?!
that moment when you know you made the right decision
only a few more sentences needed, and then I can sleep. I'm just too tired to think of what to say:(
As if it's already sooooo dark out
Take my glasses 2 see dem n do ur maths properly..ok? marrrballl: 10 mosquito bites on my body n dts minus d ones I can't see!
Take away love, and our earth is a tomb.
You may think you have destroyed me, but you are gladly mistaken.
Hanging with the kiddies all night
Trying to talk to those indian people about the internet is the hardest thing i've ever had to do.
I feel sorry for all the young girls who dnt know their self worth
God, I can't thank you enough.
Okayyy, i hate the Biggit bitches who bagg and tlk shit bout gay ppl... they all needa be taught a lesson!!!
Parents always know how to piss me off
Facebook is so creepy these days. I do one thing, and everyone knows!
Starting off my last day in Indy with a breakfast date with Mel! :) Final in 3 hours... Let's not talk about it.
My whole face is numb and I can't tell when I have drool dripping down my face .. Haha
Girl crying just got on national t.v
Love weekends with the famalam <3
Tonight I just want to forget.  Where is my blunt and drink.
Sucks that on every Saturday, my entire neighborhood has to be doing freaking yard work..
thatmomentwhen you find a toy in a cereal box and get excited. ShayeStephenson Aulbani_17
On the way to see lilybacola get her cheer on! Woooo White Lightening! I'll be the one cheering the loudest
Day after thanksgiving - I'll never eat again!
si va a milano. appuntamento con sir paul. aspetto questo giorno da 22 anni circa. Dio vi benedica
nikks_miller just a little rascal flatts to end the day
So glad this is the last day at this gym!
I haven't got a Mani/Pedi in 3weeks
thejmichael on x-factor ahhhhh
IWXO Oh my god I love you!!! You are so beautiful. I can't wait to hear your music! I'm so excited!
Can't believe its already gunna be December tmw 0_o EXCITING :)
I wz dreamin of d past n'my heart wz beatin fast...
Ready 4 december and january to get here excited =)
Just felt rena's dogs puppies in her belly. oh my god!
Just ate two TV dinners by candle light
Dont yu hate when yu dont wana do something for someone so yu make an excuse but they find away to let yu help them
There is no way. I can be 2 to a nigga! I dnt see how yu girls do it, fuck w/ a nigga tht got a girl.
keinman2 aw u truly r th most amazin thing thats evr hapend to me!:) ive nevr lookd fwd to anythin more than seein u! u make me sohappy!:)
onedirection I WAS SO NERVOUS! GOSH! THAT WAS AMAZAYNNNN!
Seeing The War Within/All's Fair at the Rarig tonight
I hate how you mess with my head and you don't even realize it
I can't go a day with out texting her...
kaytbee123 started takin chantix to stop smoking.. It's working alright making me sick can't wait for the bad dreams
wow i wish CT0MM didn't move
itzelfmarquez I don't count as someone?
looking forward to tomorrow. nando's and town after wards :) yaaay!
Women next Me on the bus smells like death ...seriously this early in the morning
Girls with curly hair!
Video looks very good! =D
so Got_hoes_ is really munching on theses chips ! yea its
Wow. The 'Rubber Stamp' lives. Nobody even spoke up for the 'losers' beyond 'lip service' smh
I keep forgetting that we have school tomorrow
i got 5 meal plant to last me 2 weeks.....
Halfway home then gonna get ready for the hodown party:l Gonna Miss the Family up there:)
Michael buble christmas <3 ....idk very christmasy mood today
HATE it when people lie
Laying on the couch in my dark ass apt. 1 hand tweeting, the other hand playing w/ my limp penis in a non sexual (bored) way... Eh'.
Being open about the fact that you sleep around, doesn't make it cute.
iReally aint feel like this ina lng time alil scared buh nt gona let tht stp me frm tryin U better b ready wen God dishes blessins
justinbieber me please? Performs more that my dream! SWAG, TE AMO   ! Best Christmas album UnderTheMistletoe   <3  love + 380
Late again. 6 straight weeks, the Saturday 9:15 eglintonbus going East hasn't been on time once. Maybe its time to call it the 9:25.
So, surgery tomorrow. Titanium pin in my jaw bow and a bit of bone grafting, nbd....so nervous :S
just realised I have lost a follower
Criminal minds is to me as little boys are to sandusky.
Ight this is takin way too long
aw im a little disappointed that you cant make the <3 in the hashtag
Theres like a fucking twig in my eye right now
He sound like he 30 damn he snoring loud af
melia_atlanta Time for a new GA flag on the hotel entrance!
jest talk to my mom on skype
ReemOwhFerrari  no 7yatii reemoh ur not boya ur so cute ,, :) btw I am in 10-6 .... Love u girl
Today, today has just been an absolutely wonderful day.
Thanksgiving day is one of the only days you hear the word thankful lol
i cldnt finish da tin..
justinbieber IS FOLLOWING 119.004, AND I AM NOT ONE OF THEM.. DEPRESSED. 6
I have everything I want but at the end of the day im missing alot
DammitScarlie this is a perfect plan we will make him a clay crown :D
Or the man I am today..
I'm done with this crap, like I've had enough for a day. Annoyed.
andrewjannakos so sweet little brother... love you too
It all works out in the end happy(:
We all need sumone to
Moms having her surgery today
Llssss imember in 3rd grade me and meyonnah mother whooped both of us infront of our class embarrassing!
this just might work....
Nothing says Christmas like the Frank Sinatra Christmas Album, hubby cooking breakkie and the fluffy pupster happily chewing a bone.
Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye.
Just when you think your teacher isn't coming ... He strolls right in
This essay got to be 2,000 words & I'm only at 767!
Watching 28weeks later with a can of diet coke! Whilst d husband snores beside me!!
My puppies never fail to put a smile on my face
HOME for the first time in months!
its super cold and i have no one to cuddle with D:
Been cleaning all day, when I clean I think about everything and it makes me so upset
Why is foursqaure informing me that they can't update my location?
Umm Skrillex is dubstep for fuckin' noobs so quit filling up my news feed with ignorance.
I wonder if my neighbours will ever be able to park properly on their own drive
Remember when we were practically best friends? Because I do
Socks where are you....?:(( :(( :'(( :'(( cried sad LoveYouSocks....
I don't wana lose you but this is reality and that's just how things work.
EvelynLozada Me EvelynLFanatics and QueenB_RN loveee you, support you, and ALWAYS have ur back! We always hold you down
Pretty girls that smoke.
Yesss my keyboards purple on my iphone :')
At about a 20% right now...
have noooo idea what classes im choosing next semester -__-
I think today I'm going to draw again, it's been way too long
I just DONT understand how people cant spell my name right. Where do the random letters come from? Where do the omitted ones go?
Can't believe basketball season is here already
“EvelynFalkof:“Words can't describe how happy I am to be waking up next to my roomie :)” Skylar_Allen” i never get any wake-up tweets
“_ThtBombBxtch “_LuhhLivinqDoll shark bait boo bop bah do haha Embarrassing FindingNemo””
It's that day! So excited to be an auntie again!
richardbranson why is it whenever I phone virgin holidays and they promise to phone me back and they never do annoying !
Bedtime! Goodnight. Looking forward to a day off work, quality time with my sister and mama as well as a sushi and movie date.
I've talked to his brothers and sisters... Now I have to meet his mom.
can't wait for fridayyy ;)
meama_itsmeesh you is a crazy hoe. Bahahaha smh
hopefully getting a chocolate mint cheesecake tomorrow :)
Different bowl, same old bobcats...
justinbieber OMG you and mariahcarey rocked the all i want for christmas is you music video!!! PROUD !!!44
I LOVE YOU BOYFRIEND <3
Purdue won 96-34
Does every radio station have to be on commercial... Play the dam music.
In 30 minutes it will be exactly a week till CHRISTMAS EVE, Then just one more day CHRISTMAS!!!!
I'm still shitting thanksgiving dinner smh
My babe Rolex187 is getting me uggs for xmas.. yay!
whynot be thankful for having family and waking up everyday thankful. whynot !
Hey guys. One of my best buds out here in Cali, SirMatthewDavid is a great guy. He is an awesome singer/dancer. Follow him please :)
When the one night your dad stays up until 2 is the same night you want to sneak out
The code that is the hardest to debug is the code that you know cannot possibly be wrong
947please follow me back! everytime i see the ONLG in the stage i said THATSHOULDBEME DEPRESSING justinbieber
UnseeingEyes  Sorry for your loss V....
Off to Orlando!! :D
Working...then out with the crew!
Grad ring is in!
Omg!! Fear Factor is coming back to TV!!!
I don't know what ur problem is. Dude, just grow up. annoyed .
please hook me up with a VIP TICKET TO THE LilTunechi IN JOZI i refuse to watch him from a mundane anglel sad Club808
Pour lui prouver mon amour à jtimberlake j'ai même débloqué mes tweets
Having to work today is ruining my whole day.
i know exactly who oomf is talking about. hahahaha,
Caseyharmony She'll love it! She's so much fun can't wait to count how fast beans reproduce tomorrow.
big time rush singing the national anthem makes me supes happy
Man, I missed my 8k ..
I-I-Ikuto texted me to come meet him...>////< What is he planning???
Mary Jane always got my back!!
Of course... This would happen.
Did I think I was this cool when I was in 8th grade?
CodySimpson Follow back ? couldreallylightupmyday love simpsonizersrule <3
making plans for tomorrow,might go up northeast nd then come back and do iOverDramatic hair..
Already did a little Christmas shopping tonight for the boyfriend. Hopefully he likes it. (:
A fun filled day of studying and Xbox.
When you plan something for weeks just for it to fall through.
FrankieCocozza youre off your face on heroin
Could really use some company right now :(
shreyaghoshal Is this love NowPlaying :) Bliss <3
Joke's on you.
Hate my man been on nights
In class just thanking God for the little things in my life cause to somebody else they are big things....
The Broncos just dropped the W on the Chargers.
My sugar bear is coming to town tomorrow!!!
I dont even need to wish at 11:11 anymore, as long as i have you <3
We literally have no spirit whatsoever
Political_Peak Believe in yourself and stay strong peak
The patriots are actually playing good defense...wow
a smile brings a smile. with a glance.
Dear Apartment Manager: just because the tenant moves out doesn't mean the bedbugs go with them. You still have to heat treat!
Great begining of my New Year ..
OMG I am freaking out !!!! Ten days until Christmas and I haven't even STARTED shopping yet !!! Why do I do this every year ???
Today is jus not the day I rather not talk about it tho..
well i killed 2 deer early.....
karrconn got my powerpuff shirt today..says mccarten instead of mclovin
for some suprising reason , I ain't even trippen. Guess I've just moved on & past the b.s. , life is to short to be anything but happy .
Last full day in jersey ...
Hora de virar hominho ... largar o jeans e tênis e começar a usar roupa social todo dia ...
Rip Drew they talking about his story on 1290 ...
This is starting to make me maddddd.
Texas State University, hope you can handle me!
DCGirl627 YOU my friend!!! love lol
butler_allison why do the holidays bum you out? Idk I know people can get down over winter it's just like seasonal
im soooo much happppierrrr
Shop-hop in downtown GR tomorrow with my mommy QualityTime Excited ChristmasShopping !
Go back to college if all you're going to do is argue and eat my food.
Why don't you notice me?
Playing fifa last night and i drawn man city in the cup, been waiting for this game all day
Mark P just ordered two mudslides
I swear I said I was gone get off this ... Smh . I think I'm addicted . I NEVER log out of my account -_-
“Llys_Llys: You text me I reply, then you dont text back thatsannoying”
StuckInBooks All day I thought it was Wednesday...
I hate when you make excuses. Just say no. It's always something.
insidious was good but the first half was much better than the second because the second half was predictable -_-
Oooo its all happening!
Me & fam going out to eat tonight
Yes! The horrifically bad yet somehow charming Lifetime holiday movies are back.
Ahh some people really do know how to make me smile. Only wish he would now notice me!
Way to go Rebs.
With my besties && my newcomer love mii_chelle !!!!!!!!! minbar love bejealous Rdepasquale marissamay6 JPROtich
Morgen word me kleine mannetje alweer 1 ! 
This would be amazing if it works
Painted my room cheetah print! It actually looks so sick!
Feeling like shit, and like I'm not good enough for anyone
LukeandJock i've seen them too on side of the road.
My teeth are gunna implode.............
Dinner with the girls at the buffet tonight (: hope it goes well, already feeling
“AutismTips: Autism is not a disability, it's a different ability. - Stuart Duncan”
Headache feels like nothing because of her. :D Well, I'm off to dreamland, good night Tweeps! \m/ Happy :)
rain rain go away :(
WHAT ELSE IS NEW.... DUMB PENALTIES WITH 5 MINS LEFT AND INJURIES GALORE
This world is so beautiful(:
Mums just handed me two memory foam pillows
They're playing my baby ORPHANDON's Danza Kuduro!
marblefallsken I am thankful for the youth minister that changed my life.
great morning shopping with my mom, now to hang out with dan & his family!
Girls are soo... Annoying sometimes I wish I was a guy.!!
Finna box someone in a minute
This morning is a great morning because I am alive & well. God is good! Happy :D
DB girls' trend of poor descisions and strumpet behaviors...
So annoyed by my parents, might as well ask me to breathe for them as well.
PredsFan_303 I obviously picked the wrong career path
Ya know if you don't tell the truth you're gonna lose the one you love. Get your shit together or live alone the rest of your life.
JohnHound18 olly_the_egg ...he's actually gone & got someone who follows...ahem....Dean Gaffney...2 help support him *rolls eyes*
houses, cars, and money can never compare to the life of a loved one.
Akiliosparks MsAutoMATic ABSx31 ya know.. this sounds really bad but I didn't watch the game. I was so mad at the last..
christmas in a month!
NBA get your house in order. I'm missing my Cavs
I just take my time with all this shit
Ltielsch4 wanna ask you to play footsys nervous ;P
Ok gonna unfollow you no need to have 100 retweets in a row about how you want this dream guy
Dad made waffles, chips and potato bread today, there is no logic to his madness and he may have caused the next famine.
Why can't people sound good live when they perform live these days?
My night started off good, then went down hill hopefully it gets better before I leave. Hurt :(
“ThatBOMBishh_: “davonteee I wanted to retweet something you said but yall tweets are blocked Disappointed””
Apparently Kimbella didn't learn from the first ass whoopin smh.
just saw those interviews on the syracuse molestations and that is just wrong...what is going on with america??
Doesn'tItSuck when you've finally found that one guy you like but there's always that one thing that stops you ?
Sprained my ankle shuffleing:( I miss you heathergracee13
you take my sarcasm too seriously.
why does it take so long to update an iPhone!!
This peppermint mocha latte isn't solid as it usually would be.
really want to go black friday shopping!!
Honestly, there's always something wrong with me health wise.... So damn
I would start a conversation with UofMPreacher but I'll probably fall asleep  again before I could reply back!!
R44b14_S4d1qu4 BrittanyTay1 Mr_RICH_Tycoon 3 am ouch Night Night
I've had three amazing days in a row :D
Stop complaining stfu already you're a mom you shouldn't be having a hotel party no way
It stresses me out organising my social life..
Swear this dude look just like him !
I Hate When Dudes Act Like Females, Like If Your Going To Act Like A Girl Then You Might As Well Be Gay, Otherwise
I'm stuck in traffic right now...less than a mile from my off ramp!
Feeling lik why waist my time on somthing that u not puttin ur effort into so y wud i put mine
I feel like throwing up right now
On da phone wit da bae
Going to niagara college for the day with mack_daisley29
Wanting to buy tickets to Coldplay concert and not having money...
YES vanavond sushi eten
Finally getting around to watching the WalkingDead, looks like it is going to be a pretty awesome episode!
I saved Cristina's birthday & how to spell her name,in my favorites,just to remember it ...
SaryApples Love that track
nothing like a chai tea latte on a peaceful friday afternoon
Where did you come from mr headache? -_-
it's 31 0 2nd quarter of the packers vs raiders game ....
Me perdí el episodio hoy de So Random.. y ahora me estoy perdiendo This is Justin Bieber :l
Loving the family time
everyone who's actually excited for breaking dawn is pissin' me off. disgusted.
I just wanna cry. How did I end up going to a school that I hate and will be attending forever?
At da barber shop finna get my haircut and den lata head out
Living life to the fullest:)<3
Dr Nevers Mumba on Zambia Blog Talk Radio next week excited :-)
Ugh. Disgruntled and agitated this morning and cant seem to shake it.
So, my sister is asking me what I want for Christmas
OhSoo_Sweet : Thanks So Much Love &nd I'm So Happy The We BOTH Got Out Those BAD Situations That Were In With Those Assholes !
itsjessyxD how could you swear at me like that D:
Kathleen better be awake.
I had a fabulous time tonight. Havent dressed up to go dancing in a long time. Met new people, rebonded with my Camp Happy Days Family
U ever been sleep and yo girl wake u up wit a slap cuz she been goin thru yo phone
Just made it to Mom & Pops crib.. Sorting out the goodies for our dins!
Last but not least..I'm thankful for my love. He is consistently amazing and I love him dearly
nsbrwttt lol! I HATE that! Or when you download a game from PSN and then go to play it and it then needs to download an update?!
I smile at you, because I know how much it pisses you off joy ;)
im just waiting to see if lastnight was all a dream
Our friendship will never be the same
Apple pie for dinner!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I don't deserve this
I hate it when people try to get you to feel bad for them
God damn lil sis don't get no
Favorite Things by Glee :'( <3 !!!!!!
This Girl On Jerry Springer Said She Cheated On Her Boyfriend With A Girl ,Thats Her First Fuccin Cousin .. WTF !!
Ughh Iv'e got such bad skin again :( I got it so good in the summer :( this is so
All people that think everyone who likes bama are bandwagoners are
Drove home so carefully like there was a newborn baby in the car.
if u love something set it free if it comes back it is yours if it doesnt it never was to begin with <3
If u invite me somewhere and I come and call u when I get here how about you answer the phone when I call and not txt.
Love always sucks. When you want someone they don't want you. But when you don't want them they want you.
Every time I talk to my cousin I wish I lived in Ecuador.
demonicxaura Oooh sounds delicious! UL is gonna be so happy! excited :)
a tiger at the toronto zoo died! :(
Id like 2 wish everyone a Happy Thanksgiving and please dont send 1000 Happy Thanksgiving texts to my phone thanks!!!
nowplaying jasonderulo fight for you
tayl0rryannn when I was typing my last tweet I was like this might jinx it , maybe I shouldn't tweet this!
I broke a flash gun today
Breakfast this morning was chef chat with New Yorkers, waffles with maple syrup and my weight in watermelon juice
Best foot massage ever!!!!!!
Wow Towson is trending
AnthonySW she tried to take a picture but he walked past! Ooo she's buying me a lovely handbag for Xmas excited!
Shout out all the love in Adriannas right now. I must say this is the Realest City. Happy Birthday LH!!
As usual i don't know anything about tomorrow's exam
OMG! I am the smartest kid in my algebra class ! & Thats because i hate math x)
Silly silly silly I want to feel the way silver feels!!
In the mood to go to the movies for a lazywednesday too bad there are no good movies out..
I lovelovelovelovelovelovelovelove my life right now happy(:
I really hope she stalls this until Christmas. It'd be a lot of help.
so my bff JadeCN128 is the most bestest gf ever. shes uber cute
Don't worry, it will soon past  Whatever it is  Don't worry, be
I said goodmorning to ur ugly ass..WTF, high xul drop out..dnt fucks with me, I'l shoot you..*angel**hides*
since when does it take a week to fix a car
They let their customers eat beef mixed with poop!!!
Tat my fucking name on you when i go you'll still be mine Youll still be mine ill still be bE yours Tat my name let'em you love ya boy
Just got home from work.
Stop acting dumb because you think it's cute
Coldplay, foster the people, king of convenience
Some people will never change
jesscherego now we cant send eachother naughty fb messages...
my mom said i might get my belly pierced for my birthday :) , excited .
I have a headache in my eye and I can't sleep annoyed.
Aww.... Class is cancelled.
Chineese n im a celeb with matt :)
If love isn't a game, why are there so many damn players?
I cant wait to move back to SanDiego so I can start looking for a new horse!
I am so happy because we don't have school for a entire week!!
EeEeEe<33 JeffreeStar replied to me on instagram!
Today has been full of test thank God we passed them & are stronger now then we were on yesterday!
My sis Is getting
I Went And Watched My Love Play Basketball Today, Felt Good!
WAAAAAAAH my birthday is officially over depressed.
loganwheless you don't say I love you to me!
I love being around my family. talking and having a good time
Not really @...ma peak ...guess I gotta redeeM ma voW!  <-- I'm prone to
en route to cambridge!
SivaTheWanted Im so happy you've got 200,000 followers
Going to apply for my first job after school. 3 o'clock, hurry up!
OakBayBoy On the other hand - no democracy when 79% don't see the point of/need to voice their opinion.
I would love to chop some guys dicks off right now!!
HeadrickJanelle Hahaha Yeaaa. Me no like kyleglover anymore.
Tuna mayo cheese on white, went down like a glove newbradwellsandwhichshop delightful Muzzywales06 jaimo19
this writers block is ruining my life!
StephanieSchell when is little Schell due???
Twitter unfollowing wanted ppl & having me favorite random bullshxt <<<<<<<<
Ahh! I luhhh him!!!!! :) day was made :) <3
Haven't been on twitter for 2 days!
Leaving for Breaking Dawn in a minute..
This time last week i was in union rooms singing kareoke, now i have just set an alarm for work!
Time to learn about mortgages.
Im so dam sick of wakin up at 7 EVERYDAY DIS WEEK comin to LAMAR
This is ridiculous wtf man I'm beyond
Awesome day at Water of Life. I did 'O Holy night' and God took it personal. His presence was quite present.
My laptop smells of fire.
rightt, im too sick to go to school but not to sick to help with my younger sisters birthday party?
Seeing a preview screening of New Year's Eve - cast is packed with celebs. Literally the perfect way to spend a Monday eve
Burls10 Quit thinkin about Lacy when ur trying to chirp buds. living not loving.
decided to trot at magic island even if I'm tired... exercise and time with my girls is always a good thing! happy! :)
Has anybody heard anything from michigan yet?
My neighbors got the same gift I was giving to my sister
So happy to be getting out the house later for the first night since half term!!
Why am I getting Linked In spammed about joining groups? I don't read those emails anyway.
senryhhaw tmdevitis20 b_podnar and who wasn't there...darin....apparently he's like really open and crazy at school
Seriously don't think I could live without chapstick
Wanting to go home
Hé ! Dans 1 semaine c'est les vacances !!
AmaneSuganami haha i see you are 3 steps ahead, and yh me and gee are both going
Found my wallet nd money. Couldn't have done it w/o my principal and local cops.
So nomadtouring has some exciting news! We bought a new van a few days ago!! Should be fully operational by mid January
Dinner wasnt even all that nice
Listening to AlfieBoe's new album!
Hope I passed that exam nervous!
ok really bitch you don't need a grapefruit at 8:30 at night.. just do your homework
mmm, nice long lay in!
. . . :] . . Yes , yes . . Hell yes . . YES! A million times YES .
Over thinking life, and the changes we face everyday..
That's what I heard though....I'm always hearing stuff like this you know...I think it may have worked my aunt got 14 kids out a dude
Nooooo I did not like tonight's episde of
Worldwontlisten Im upset you support NUFC, thought you had taste
About to watch the last episode of season six of Dexter.
The sad day when your parents openly admit they don't love you... I pretend I'm feeling fine but I really am not :S allalone depressed :'(
my ipod dies just s i wright my first equasion in math hw.
MelissaChanel2 simply_sharz lol can we say
Wish you were here snuggling me to sleep <3
Every time I hear Great DJ by the Ting Tings I think it's another Garnier commercial. This time, it was just their actual song.
I swear this Trojan vibrating twister commercial comes on about 20 times every night.!
I can't deal with your shit today. I have my own to deal with. Good God.
My lint roller has run out of tape
The smell of burps makes me gag
I wish my nan had someone to look after her properly, not people who don't give a rats arse!
Turkey Bowl this morning, Madden, and the food is cooking.
this is my 300th tweet...im kinda
2 out of 6 ordination papers done...
Im sick of always having doctors apointments
chelsssaayy I know ! But wait til you see what I did in my boredom this afternoon! Such an awesome surprise <3
Not allowed to make anymore depressing tweets so on the upside I'm laid in bed with someone which means I'm not lonely yayayayyaya
Gulfport NEXT weekend? HYFR I'm soooo
watching friends with benefits by myself cause i have no one to watch it with
That awkward moment when you forget your own iPhone password for 20 minutes
.. applied , now just waitinggg for the acceptance .
man i wanna be at this game but immaterial be on this work flo......
Need to hurry into boston
So forgot I had Vienna Sausages in the cabinet
I'm mad neshasanyae14  stopped texting me...
BigBadRichDaddy i'm ashamed of you right now. Thanksgiving deserves it's recognition too!
Had a great night at Dinner @ 6 with our providence229 crew! I LOVE having a church FULL of people I like hanging out with!
Immature people annoy me so much
ryan dunn on the next ridiculousness.
Que viva la reyna de Mexico! <3 Thankful :)
vine vidi vici... Now the first day of the week has been interesting
Hey, i really like you, but it's okay, you hate me.
But if u make me look bad, I will NEVER EVER talk to u again... But if you do a good job, u can be my best friend that I've ever had
jk, I'm not ready for the weekend.. i forgot i have NCA tryouts on Saturday  
Da moment when u show ur friend a picture of someone u think is hot, and dey disagree.
Hates feeling like this!
I just dont get it
I hate being fat for fuckk sakkeeeeee !!
fuck off, you hysterical tart. And take that used tampon dress with you!
Cat got ran over It was jumping around in pain in the middle of the road a guy passes by it on the sidewalk and doesn't even help it
No place like home glad to see errybody
I never want to see a tweenaged girl again in my life!
As if trying 2 get work done in the library isnt hard enough Ive 3 tools reading out their essays 2 each other right next 2 me!
Yesss my mum's just told me that she owes me £26 ;) HAPPY !!!!!
WalkingDead_AMC BLOODY YAW ! THE FARM BARN, AND OF COZ THE ZOMBIE BEHIND IT
Havent talked to AlysssaMarrie all day.. she forgot about mee. hah
Just ordered part of my Christmas present from the RangersStore anyone know wat the delivery turn around for NI?
R_frawley97 omg same (: i cant stop think about it! excited <3
I love BriannaHahn1 you are the best for doing that :) love love love :)
harrypaice1 what's going on?:L your tweets seem abit
adam71293 dont use that hashtag.
i wld lyke to wish evry body a HAPPY THANSKGIVING...
cheered my heart out tonight .. Pride!
I just want to be
Four day weekends are the best!
Oomf brought me a 7up. Thankful lol
My JJ check was a lot more than I thought it was going to be
idk who you tryin to fool on fb but we all know that you DO NOT attend  Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry -____-
Anybody! With ANY knowledge on issuing sql statements in asp PLEASE msg me!
Good Morning Everyone, BLESSED to see another day = ) Thankful !!...
manorexics only a month? Me = a year ehehe
ThingsIFindAttractive smokes me up for free.
I just dnt know what to do sometimes
just thinking about how successful my night lastnight was heckyeah proud (:
HoraceLyonsIV sounds like a plan.
The heart that loves is always young <3
havenalbright haha! What would you have done if she didn't have a safety pin?
Smiling like an idiot when you get a cute text.
my stomach is making the weirdest and loudest sounds right now
Sometimes people shouldn't change
Opening secretsanta gift soon
kristakoder Aw no! Came back & half were gone... Lol. Still haven't had one. :( You & kirbimac did a great job!
When people go on a tweeting rampage but all their tweets suck! <<
I need some company n this dr office
And not to sound like a d-bag, but WHEN did I get hip bones?!
Syedfidaz cititel pun i don't know where. Tomorrow morning lah cari roti canai
I HATE blow-drying my hair
Teacher is using full classtime,classmates wont stop sniffling, kid won't stop bouncing in front of me.
Turned off the bed and hopped into the light all because you kissed me goodnight
rosynotrosie hey quit making all these plans on twitter!
R. Kelly Is A BEAST!!!!! He Would KILL On A GOSPEL ALBUM Hear Me????? Sing Mel :)
GregSansone KC changed their QB and beat the packers so chicago is trying the same
Smh sad these hoes swear the Nicki find ur own fuckin >>>swag smdh
Stew stewing. Wine winding. Presents yet to be wrapped! Home Alone on a Saturday night...
On campus with no headphones
brayzmom03 What a joy to hear from you!
WordsINeedToHear I'm an asshole and I'm sorry.
Internet is so slow
threebadcats My child has zero immunity when it comes to bugs from other kids!
London2012 wasn't nominated (I don't think I've done anything worthy!) but can't wait for it go past MY HOUSE on jul 11th!
Come on already in starving! Hurry so we can get some fooood
I came,n the bathroom to tweet
bear_wrastler 6:30 sharp. you're gonna have a new prof picture after tonight
Not feeling good.. I wanna cry man..!!
got my best friends balloons & there gifts. :x
Ohh! Just saw pics from EAs harvest fest shows!  She looks great and I love the new makeup and corsets! I can't wait for FLAG
Maybe singing the national anthem tonight?
About to go to school.
LOL to girls that wear heels to school, but can't even walk in them.
_KConnn so you could tweet but you couldnt txt me back ? oh ohkay  hurt ! :\
Tis a packed out house for this Christmas Concert!
When someone is sweet to u, don’t expect that they will be like that all the time, for even the sweetest chocolate expires
I definitely meant Sherlock HOLMES. Or Homie as my dad calls it. And I might as well throw in a Hashtag or three
I can't believe I have to put ear plugs in because my damn dog is being too loud.
marisa said it best nobody likes me
All'improvviso... la tredicesima.
My mother is fangirling over the 1D album
I finally get to go to church today. Haven't been in two weeks.
In 2012 they are pitting the two greatest superhero teams against one another.. Xmen Vs Avengers. excited _davidrw
MrSipe5 sooo sad i didn't see you tonight...officially
What ever happened to just giving love as a gift.. Now everybody want expensive stuff .
stfsu1 but you are my fat American male
SteveUrkelSwagg  2 months and 23 days :) almost 3 months.
I love the snow :)
Expecting a couple of packages. Had hoped one or two would come in today. Not looking like it though.
Mission Impossible - IMAX experience
Saliendo del game :D
Prefer a crate trained/house broken small dog that is good with kids. Went to an animal shelter today.
Got a text from my uncle saying he was proud of me. It's nice to know I'm doing something right.
Roger-Hammerstein Cinderella is on but i have to go to class :(
It's a NEW day
Up at half past 9 and nothing to do
GHouse with the girlo's
The shitty part is that AquariusCasino is really a nice place with great VP odds, but customer service is non existent.
My hands are soo cold. But its ok..I hope my day is as good as ialyssa2 was yesterday!!! I'm Sooo happy she has someone to call her BF
Someone just give me a hug
Took the Sunday off to go to church with my bby :)
Today at work one of my coworkers brought me my favorite kind of cookie. I love it when people surprise me with food :)
AaronSanfilipp1 rhi_jonez I've already starts the poems ...
I think I'm going to LA this summer...
Finishing off a very productive day at the gym . So happy.
It's the most wonderful time of the year ... besides summer of course
Why do Baptist Christians feel the need to continually recruit members to their Cult?
ThinkLikeAMan I seriously can't wait for the movie to come out. I am a big fan of all the celebs in the film.
Can't believe Kaitlyn_Marie88  didn't help with the crossword
The 11s: a good day to go beyond the ordinary and embrace the extraordinary--this thing called our human life;Wake Up!
The day I eat breakfast I get a headache.
FREAKIN' JAMES!!! Freakin' leading her on! Stupid Windmill!!!!! frustrated >:(
Never hate, live simply, expect a little, give a lot, always smile, live with love, and be with God -
Can't wait 'till I can drive by myself
Omw 2 Work , im sooooo nervous !
Seriously, what happened to all the attractive men I used to see on this train?
Good news. No need to start a war with motor reg.
DJTrevorNelson wretch32 thedappy Labrinthda1st & More .. Hurry up 1Xtra Live Manchester!!!
Time for ymca basketball!
just watched this kid wipe his nose with his hand/finger then continue to lick it off
This girl at the tattoo place has her ass crack hanging out constantly! Lmao embarrassing!
Having a great thanksgiving with jbBierman and his family.
I hate when my dad comes in here and changes the channel to some boring ass shit
Things arent always what they seem. But wit me, what you get is what you see & i show nuthin but  love resepct & loyalty.
Stephhykinns hahahaha......too far. That's it.
Gr13zly_ have you managed the tma then my beer and beef diner was excellent
I'm basking like a cat in this gorgeous winter sun
katiemarszal17 seriously who hates on the cowboys... It's just not right
A Very Gilly Christmas.
Taking my son nd my siblings to see the holiday lights!!!
Acá con mis amigas las derivadas y sus demostraciones love ¬¬
I wonder if yo knows oomf doesnt even want him fareal !
Meeting couldn't have gone better. 2012 is gonna be the year I start my empire.
Decided the fact page44uk are in rocksound is the reason i'll venture to the high street later
Gaby_Hayward I still have your shoes! Will have to swap when we are back. SURPRISE!!
Now that the video I'm editing is rendering, I can let myself get distracted again. 2.5 hours left in my day!
the fuck do i get my boyfriend for christmas, he bought himself everything he needs/wants the past two months
Dad made me grilled cheese and soup <3
Red and green Christmas M&M's ^_^
Wish Laura_AllStar was here to help me.. I'm about to do my first modeling gig
-- jus got off phone with my boyfriend .. LOVE ; :)
Even the teaser ads for BTNJourney deserve an Emmy!
way to go RaginCaging dad i bet you were back there haha
I get see my son blue. Here comes daddy. To
gm gm gm world
MrChuckD Thanks for the follow. P.E. was such an inspiration to me. No one wants to rap about truth in life anymore
«TattsOnMyArm House Of Balloons X Thursday X Echoes Of Silence»
UmItsMarilyn im not going to school tmrw(:
Drifting weather makes me sad knowing he's not able to enjoy it ):
GUYS WHO FLIRT WITH EVERY SINGLE GIRL THEY SEE<<<<
EHINEM yup & now my phones dying & I can't find anywhere 2 charge!! Ever wake up & NOTHING goes ur way??!!
ocha_cha I haven't had taco bell in months...
Baby girl is out of surgery and we get to c her soon!
After that, I don't want to even watch the PCA's now. tbh
Christmas just doesn't seem the anymore.
THE HERITAGE HOTEL MANILA atm :)))) tea party later EXCITED :)))))
Driving to lakeside for the first time today by myself
Sick n cant sleep.
Can we stop losing power? :|
Some women don't have any morals... U stripping and pregnant
I don't even know why my mom has a cell phone, she never answers when I call her
Lemsip and my bed
I want a phone that has Twitter.....
Someone tell me why I suck at papi jump?
Going 2 my step bros 18th party 2night! But carnt drink depressing!
love heart to hearts with my friends
My nail finally just broke off
Headin to richmond...praying God will move in a huge way!!
chrisduncan91 pre-Christmas chaos, work decides to get busy
Watching up town girls
my parents seriously need to get off my back about the littlest things!! annoyed leavemealone!
Taylor swift might be the most awkward person in the world
JustHG JKCorden oooooh! We're going on Thursday night. He's a legend.
gregwith2gs loling in the lib
jami3rfc susannar100 oh shit you smashed us yesterday.
Omg having crohns is no joke at home
“laurinaschiumo: designing and ordering my own senior shirts and selling them, cause the ones the school is selling are hideous disgusted”
This weekend should be great
And even if I did send a mass text...how would u know annd how does that make me fake...u got a message right be Thankful lol Ya_Big_Homie
This is one of the most unprepared, deer in the headlights ND team's I've ever seen play. So many mistakes to beat themselves.
Why is Joey Eigenberg at Uconn right now
In times of downfall or need my faith is never shaken for God is good and He will always provide
Just drove alone for the first time. I never felt so free in my entire life.
In the airport by myself for an hour and a half
Not having a good weds I think I ruined a wardrobe full of clothes with a bleach incident! Ideas how to salvage clothes pls!
That awkward moment where u realize ur last tweet had a typo
i wonder if when i'm 40, hearing that south beat east will still make me smile? i know it will when i hear they're going to state
greysonchance your following grow up but my followers aren't. depressing *9
4:30 and it's still above eighty degrees
i guess now that definitely means itsmadeon is supporting swedishousemfia at Milton Keynes because CalvinHarris said hes there
I'm heading to work and I have no idea what to expect. The manager sounded calm, but I still don't like this.
My friends let me and casey play zombies just to laugh at us.. -_- Sad brookroper awhitfield3410
_Alli3 Yeah she cant sing anymore :(
Tuesday Jan 10th
Meeting the rest of the the lady's family tonight. Wish it was under different circumstances
maddierubalcava did that really just happen?!?
That annoying moment when u have so many online profiles that u can't remember any of the passwords
3 beers at thanksgving and I'm done so dont fit into this family
Thanks to all the Veterans who served and the ones who are currently serving
Massive congrats to Dave and Carolyn. Looks like I'll be visiting Canada.
Of all people, you are the one I have my heart to hearts with.
Bye bye! Got to dance now :o
If your gonna tell someone something make sure its right
Powerschool is my second most visited site on my computer...
I will never gets nook/kindle because you can't replace the smell of a new book. :)
CaseySquires lol did i? also a sing if you can't remember..
4 hours later and finally breaking free from the library on my day off, my work is done
God is soo good!
I hate being back so early because no one else is home. I can't even see Sam_Beyonce cause he's busy with finals.
I don't even know what to think right now. hurt:/
To every person who has ever put a smile on my face, whether you're a family member, friend, author, or musician, thank you.
Justin biebers's Christmas songs just ruins the Christmas season disappointing majorTruth uhh_lex_iss23
!!!!! “LeekiLove: I have alot going on for myself and when ppl see you where they wanna be, they wanna bring you down sad”
Alright, today's day 3. Hopefully it comes today! (((:
I just ordered a My Chemical Romance t-shirt for my bestest friend...eww
My bestfriend Andy comes home Friday :)
*singing with greysonchance* and realize its just a dream. SAD!
Back in Maryland. Out of the car. Truly relaxed for the first time in forever.
My iPhone and blackberry both low battery 5 more minutes and I'll be shutdown from my social networking world
Actually did English homework, but that's only cos it has to do with my heritage and family.  That stuff means the most to me.
Couple stumbling out of specs on a Monday night
hahaha i'm not stupid, i know exactly what's going on...
sooo excited for the release of InTheMourning thankyou paramore for this wonderful song. What a great way to end the year!
Letting all my frustration out on this workout.
So ready for tomorrow :)
Authors spend months, or even a year+ on a novel - show some
I have an advent calender now :)
I have a huge respect for TutAlmighty!!
First time riding a shuttle! excited Sara_1647_
One night's misery is the other night's joy :D
Ima blow away in this wind !
This is such a funny feeling
Lord, You are good. There is nothing good in me, but still you want to know me. That's some deep love
my dealer just dropped off all the weed i ordered.
Thanks mom for assuming I didn't have lunch today and didn't pack me a lunch, now I gotta go home to no food!!!
Feel like I'm a Free Bird Now..!!
I hate people with yellow crooked teeth.. Please don't smile with your mouth open
Tracy Chapman-Fast Car
Happy Thanksgiving to all my followers. Whether you celebrate TG today or another day may you always enjoy time w/friends & family
BlackFriday failed my final exam
My mom made chili. This time with non-spoiled ground beef
Minutes to midnight calmed me down
advent calendars mean guaranteed chocolate for 25 days
This was no accident`This was a therapeutic chain of events! Panic !
juliannapeters Needed 2 hours to think of that?
4 days till christmas fun begins!!
Found a new way to download music to my itunes!!
'BOUT TO GET DRESSED : GET MY DAYY STARTED EARlYY AS FUCK
INTERCEPTION AND THE GAME JUST STARTED WHAT THE FUCK
Kung Fu Panda is on!!!!!
BarrowmanCrime tried it with ie and google (vista on laptop) and it doesn't work ;-( Neither do the other things i looked up
So much more than just sex, he gives me intimacy......
When do the preseason games start in the NBA ?
I found not only someone to go to the fun. concert with but also someone to study for philosophy with :D
nc11 this one goes out to grammar_puss sitting watching Michael Gove in Birmingham with 450 other Heads and Deputies. Rock on
Their twitter name looked interesting....*clicks on it* WTF :/
Substitute and we have more work then we would if the teacher was here
LOVED TIE88 why is it only 3 parts?! :(
Biggest pet peeve is now when people go out of their way to have a bad day >:(
If I give all I possess to the poor and surrender my body to the flames, but have not love, I gain nothing. 1corinithians 13:3
I'm happy! :)  harleyLunar Finally this day arrives warungclub florianopolis.. Heaven on earth. We are coming!!!
Ariel dont even have a A in P.E on her report card!!!!!!!!!!!
StormDaMistress I'm n the process of paying for a shih tzu...
I think I might just like him alot:) love:)
oomf really be lookin out
my sister never should of got a flight to pa.
The First Amendment let's me talk and tweet about my God and everything else whenever and however I want.
Time for sleep :D
la la la la la la la la la la la la
justinbieber Hi:D  I'm Japanese gile^^  Come to Japan!!!!! I meet you...  Love your song:)!!!!! love 55
I am also going to start drawing up some Little Wicked Games artwork for our demo :) I have loads of ideas.
Yyyeeeeesssss!!!! Crashing the madrigals lesson today!!!! letzgetKAYREYzy & Aryninwonderlnd you guys better be there!!!!!
blessed to wake up and see another day
Man its raining and its a whole lot of crazy people out shopping!
its already December ..? Time flies. Get me out of university, and home for christmas
I was supposed to workout 2 hours ago, but instead I spent it expressing a part of me I never knew existed.
CaitlinKotooo at least it's not your senior year!
Friday!!! I am on vacation!!! Get to see my Sam in 4 days!!! HAPPY:)
Got a little xmas shopping done, hit the gym, spending time with my pupz.
poor lil archieman :( had to rip a tick outta his neck... pretty sure it phased me WAY more than it phased him
Jessie J and james morrison is so good
simplycintia Awe! I've know Brian a decade
Awww. I see Coach Bennett in the parade.
and too top my birthday off, got a letter from the school saying i'm one of the top 20 achievers! wooo
I just want to cuddle. With Mickey. And sleep for ten hours.
calebjwestbrook / no it's not! I looked for it last week and it wasn't there!!!
MzLaReina Damn...the crazy part is that they have so.many already within the area and still need so much more.
Life changing decision 2night for me and my family
Na-miss ko yung every Sunday, kare-kare ang ulam sa bahay.
don't know where I'd be without my crazy family. :)
I have the GROSSEST roommate EVER!!!!! literally blasting my music to  not hear him chew and shit!
can't wait for the new pretty little liars on Wednesday with lucyyhale excited :)
Why cant i get on powerschool..
Standing next to you and you smell like a pound of weed and youre a grown ass man
Why does hyvee smell like bacon??
My leg is twitching like crazy! It's noticeable.
JohnGakaShatner going strong with the avi.
It's going to be a long day..
It goes both ways my friend
I've had about 10 Spams in an hour.
ready for The Hunger Games to come out in theaters.
I've got no one to talk to =(
I woke up in a moving car..haha okay?
Sitting in bed with mum and the dog watching tele and reading the paper...
Seriously, essays, piss off.
Glad to have my brothers home from college I was so bored without them
Thanks for following me YMCMGroup, you rock!
First practice on Monday with my new coach...that's a man.
23 hours until my plane takes off
Okay, danieltosh don't let them play Dane Cook's shit ass special after completely serious.
they can take your tents and they can arrest you, but they cannot arrest ur dissent.  We will WIN, we love you.
Lol I really don't get how people can listen to Country music...
I urge everyone else to do the same if possible. Just this time but all the time.
Those nights you just lay in bed listening to hours of music
Sometimes. . I have so many texts that I forget to text people back. . Haha. .
I hate seeing people have to get helped off the court/field.
stereosonic is in TWO WEEKS tweeps :):):):):):) woopwoop excitement :D
why tf I only got 1bar at my grandad house?
I should be going into town this Friday, with an advance on my Christmas money, to buy myself a Panic! At The Disco ticket.
I was sitter here drinkin' a glass of Sangria & took 2 sips, the 3rd sip I saw there was a f**kin' fly in my glass
goodbye SWTOR Beta Testing... its been fun
Happy Thanksgiving! I'm thankful for everyone I have in my life and waking up for another day!
I got my own... proud :)
changed my major on UA to a Apparel & Fashion Design and Public Relations double major :)
Have to watch a movie I have no interest in watching
i want to kiss like we  havent had a care in the world
as your lies crumble down, a new life she has foundddd Floatin_High
Got a predator chip put in my car
Ddnt knw dat even here on twitter they suspend users so michaelHD has bin suspended???
3-1 against Sutton in the cup. Man of the match and got on the scoresheet. With Tomkelly18 & JacQuinn10. Time for a celebration.
My contacts are really bothering me but iLeft my extras n Alabama!!!!
i'll never question this guys heart and passion. coreyfarv ripped it on stage tonight. Love this guy.
Taking me a lifetime & a half to finish this dumbass project cause Microsoft office won't download
How the fuck do you rape your infant child 0_o tf type of mother are you ?! smh ,
ethier_loverr is makin a baby in the sims  , but her people are smely ! >:O disgusting !
kmillz9 I would love that :)))
How did I get this way
Baby I know sometimes it's gonna rain... But baby can we make up now cuz I can't sleep through the pain....
I want to sleep so bad
I can't sleep.
Trynna to get a job, its been awhile
acabei de tirar uma soneca da boa! Happy :)
Everytime I think that things can't get better, they just do.
I'm in the writing mood so I think I'm gonna write a BLS :)
Omg when u get ANOTHAra ndom iPad giveaway and you think of danielkelly9 new single soon to be comingout Annoying ><
i couldnt ask for anything else right now! its all been worth it..
Daughter by Pearl Jam just played on pandora
AND!!! I did .80 in 10 minutes, so close.. but I'll get better.
God is so good! Providing ways!
Hkay1610 chelssohood_ too late im in the library now
Ok I live in Tebow country and the local weatherman seriously just sang a Tebow country song....
sheebreezy i love your revamped bio btw.. ;)
Omg NO ONE EVER FLIGHT UNITED AIRLINES! lifeflashedB4myeyes. And these people are stupid!
WHY DO TEACHERS TAKE SO DAMN LONG TO EMAIL YOU BACK.
Friday please come quicker!
last dancing until after christmas today:(
I done had me a gud lil day.!!
High emotions the last 24 hours
Good night my
No one else in the staff room is eating a cinnamon doughnut!
workyyy work, 9 reso's tonight
FameVisionair Thank you for following mich Love.
Facebook will be deleted tomorrow I think? Yes.
FaithfullySweet is baking up a storm!   And it's ALL LOVE Xoxo
Millwall's  first and probably last game on SkySports this season
I am thankful for individuals who take a stand for what is right for the people. These are true patriots
jack frost is on
KoenaRabbi speaking of twitter.. Im experincing problms.. My tweets stopped appearing on FB & nw I hv 2 update twice..
Has just put rileys whole milk in my tea
ik zat net met LionelRosalia in de bus & ging ff bij praten met die geakkie x
meganlmurphy I want it to be my life.
I Hate It When People Add Extra Letters To Small Words.!
Up Up & Away puts me in the best mood ever happy wizardcud
Every fan in the league hates steelers fans, including some steelers fans..no one has a problem with browns fans except steelers fans
Ryan_Bahra Can you adopt me? So I can be with you! :(
ClayTray5056 did you sign up for classes? I couldn't find any that matched up easily
Stop right there. Or I will unfollow you.
It seems like we all have doublestandards for eachother...like I don't need to be perfect but my man does or visa versa it's annoying.
Im the one who eats the least in my entire family. And i eat like pregnant Godzilla. Yeah... Ima leave it at that.
Funnily enough the main thing about ToR I'm interested in is buying a ship and making it look awesome...
carlapatricia16 i just sent my app
Teacher late for my paper conference
Another sleepless night.  Got a long day ahead of me.  18 days until I leave the only things I have loved this year.
“ilySilvia I feel alot of hostilty &&DICK sUCKING qoinq on sad”
J_Wesolowski when did she see me to know what I was wearing?!?!?
Finally figured out my outfit for my long time friend's wedding tomorrow
Then i cud go to sleep completely Happy :-)
I'm in such a bad mood -____- I could go off at any moment
So no matter how much make up this young women puts on she still looks dead
Yay! I'm out of school until January 2, 2012! I only have to go to school Monday for 90 minutes!  :)
Happy turkey day everybody!!
And now I feel bad because my mommy spent all her moneys on my Sperrys :(  thankful.
I treat my little brother and little sisters like my own :)
Stuck in a moment in my life where I feel I'm without a purpose.
Big Bang Theory with the family and my second Thanksgiving meal.
Cant wait to go home tomorrow.
Ohh breaking dawn tonight ! :D
.idgaf about yhewr PAST they DNT matter cause I'm the ONLY ONE thts gne matter in yhewr FUTURE
Not feeling well.
So.... there's this boy...... <3 love.
CoryRayEGHS thank you so much
thinking about a lot.. probably gonna try and sleep...
donald33_wadley STFU my timeline is getting fucking filled with this shit. Stop! He doesn't even have a twitter!!!!!!!!!
This is pathetic boys...u gotta earn the 1 by ur name
hitting the hibernation station early tonight
Post-work cabbing across foggy London. No talking.
now i just feel like5 o'clock i the morning is my favorite hour at the day to....
Who knew a 4 letter word could mean so much?
Probably the worst Thanksgiving, I just wanna be with my big loud crazy obnoxious family back home.
can't wait for the weekend! <3
NYAMPE WHEN I LOOK AT YOU!!!!! AAAAA
I cannot believe christmas is in 20 days and my brother is here in less! I always hope it snows for my brother when he's here
Will be tweeting from an iPhone shortly.
Malooo8 wow thanks for putting me in your tweet! I'm here to!!
I am , wht everybody in my past , dnt wat me to be .
Thanks for randomly deleting me on Facebook. Totally mature and justified. -_____-
So many stars in the sky tonight, I stood outside just staring up
To all the nasty ass people who don't flush @ school you childish.
The wonderful smell of Thanksgiving is n the air and the Gospel is blasting
Can people stop being all depressed over my Facebook & Twitter timelines please...thanks
Love talking with my little sister for almost an hour about hunting. She almost knows more than me
I miss th3amanda ... this is strange
Why do they always pick the ditziest newscasters to cover the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade?
Someone please update me on the NBA LOCKOUT! I'm stuck at work :/ is Dec 15 official or a possibility?
 RT Bballgirlsprobs: Getting hit in the face with a ball
15 days till christmas!
God is so good!!!
Club Retro and theseeking tomorrow night. Who else is going??
Although we are gay. Doesn't mean we can't joke about it. Get over yourselves stop taking everything so serious
Charlie & the chocolate factory<3
Fuck there is nothng on TV
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! A lot to be thankful for this year.
My baby cousin is almost done with her puzzle
Ending my Sunday with Michael.  
Wish I could keep you much longer, it have just passed 5 months and I'm sure I'm no longer in your thoughts
It's almost Thanksgiving!
LT: Should of listen to my mom .
thebestthingaboutthanksgiving is that my birthday is the 25th of November, so I always get to see family for my birthday gift.
Feels like crying....
ToriCorbin uhh....nothing yet, but close to a piece of shit lolllz
Thanks didn't realise, will seek out original Dr_Mambo: Browncoat595 You mean the Johnny Cash cover? It's a Nine Inch Nails original
TheNadiablo sorry, I was born and bred in the UK.
briTT_reLLe obviously u n Oklahoma losing us damn mind!!! homesick lol
The same shit over n over again .
Finna start gettin these christmas gifts fr the fam Excited :)
MrDerekBishop jelenfan OH GOODIE! I designed your pages already, kinda
Can't say I didn't try to fix things.
My son shows me that through him I live on even after I'm gone!
PEOPLE LAUGHING: DIE. Writing essays = no time for humor, and you're probably not even funny anyway.
I don't know how much more of this I can take
MoofyTuffLove bukas na ako uuwi, haysss, I'm praying na maging masaya ang bakasyon ko!!
I guess not then
I'm bringing madddd food back to KU! No more starvation
here comes the days of not eating again.....
RealPaulSalmon drmikethe2nd so he can whatsapp but can't tweet? Me thinks someone knows they will receive a Jacqui smackdown!
justinbieber 15000000BELIEBERS swag and 6 HOURS UNTIL THE PREMIERE OF ALL I WANT FOR CHRISTMAS IS YOU! PROUD !!!98
Twitter stop being a twit and load up my timeline! :L
Putting her life on blast
I'm in a really bad place tonight guys. I feel like the company I work for just spit on me. I'm going to be looking for a new job.
They love me for my ambition
Working late tonight on the site, got to also be up early tomorrow for an important meeting. Lot's happening!
I'm glad I got to lay around bt I'm ready to get bac
c_holce shoot you caught me slippin
Charlotte_ollis looking forward to seeing your beautiful face tomorrow
When ur happy being with someone for a long period of time it breaks ur heart to jus think abt not having them by ur side Sad:'(
justinbieber I'm so proud of you. FA LA LA is AMAZING! Every song of UNDERTHEMISTLETOE is amazing!! PROUD 35
Omgod, they are forsure lip singing @ this half time show.....
Good Movie I seen this weekend and ain't seen it in forever-
God put you on this earth to love, for it is love that makes you understand life.
I finally found my long lost hard drive with loads of treasures inside !!! I'll release one of them as a sneak preview in a few hours
I'm up super early w/nothing to wear to the concert tonight.....
Shopping with mu aunt and daughter
Mannnn if u not following me don't stalk my tweets
Someone text me...I need to talk to someone..
There are Phenomenal, Resilient Women in my Life ...I'm a witness to their successes and triumphs, for that I'm always Thankful &
I'm calm like a bomb.
I'm unfollowing all the accounts that retweet fake celebrity accounts
JustinBieber the only thing I asked for Christmas was Under The Mistletoe,I hope to have this:)If u follow me would make me happy!
Duck hunting in 2 hours
Entar malem AC Milan vs Barcelona
Crystal_Kelly22 aint that the truth..
My tv woke me up singing hey Jessi!!!
Hey dumbass, OPEN YOUR EYES.
I'm amazed at how ratchet females are these days
thatawesomemoment when you give someone another chance and it works out!
jaythewanted tomthewanted sivathewanted maxthewanted nathanthewanted, SEE YOU AT BRMB LATER BOYS.
The women on 'The Cube' has got the most frustrating game for the first game!!!!
About to see Courageous again!!!
Why do I get like this just when I see a picture of you?
When people send more than one text in a row.
I wish my cube neighbor would find an office to make calls regarding his personal finances
Exchanging gifts & watching the original grinch with Britt_da_tigah.
But he still wants to be around...
Gotta Figure Out Me A Meal Plan Cuz I'm Broke This Week Depressing.!
Ready to start plannin this shower
LadyLaLa72 I have very specific requirements though... don't be sending one who has a latex allergy... Not after last time!
There's nothing like having a peace of mind
Waking up to my precious little baby right next to me :))
I think Little Mix are absolutely great but Im sorry MarcuscollinsUK should have won! He is truly amazing1 A pure inspiration!
CassieSwartz12 MadisonNicole93 such great friends
It really grinds my gears when your watching a TV show and they have a fake audience laughing uncontrollably.
if it's alright with you, then it's alright with me!
Christmas present just got delivered to the house.. Thanks for the uggs mom
I hate it when people say they don't like something when they have never experienced it...
Fantastic win by Sydney in the wleague!! 4-1 with goals to Garriock, Uzunlar, Khamis & Foord :) well done girls.
On tha headphones today: Savage Rehab-New Dawn (Roll Out of Bed Mix)
magic Johnson might buy the dodgers!
Freezing my ass off, kinda wish my mom believe in a heater
She keeps Moet & Chandon in a pretty cabinet...
Why won't youtube load any videos for me?
GM tweeps.Thank God for waking me up this morning!
Feeling so good about tomorrow.
It's amazing to me all the lies y'all can make up in yalls head just to bring another person down
It's finally agribition week. It's about damn time
Just had another of my ridiculous sneezes in a completely silent room in the library. Why can't I sneeze normally?
its the best feeling to know you broke a bad habit
c_jones19 not as hot as he used to be disappointed :(
jenna_yeates I MADE A RAINBOW.
I didn't know niggas still go threw girls phones and call niggas back............
I swear I spend ten minutes each night looking for the remote to my tv.
Okay freshman you can't kick me out of a seat on the bus
Getting ready & going to church to watch my little angel in the Christmas program  
Dudes I'm tired! I'm about to spend some money on my love (;
defff getting sickkk... right in time for finals!
My hair is finally getting long for a change....
S/o 2 ma sissy PooH_bEar_1625 4 mken it through da 1st semester of college, Ima b on ma way friday :) Love u sis <3
I have yet to unpack since I've been home
I really really hate touch screen, takes all I have to rip out monitors at work and put my fist through them never respond properly
I have to make greeting card for New year.Gosh.
Im thankful for everything you did, i gave you my word but saw something misunderstood it and it ended there
Hate when people steal my sayings or copy things i say
Shuuwie finally deactivated my Facebook account.......bliss#
Ashley_planzer I'm not watching it till tomorrow :(  sadness.
Of course traffic is awful the day I wanna get home fast.
Job interview in 3 hours.
Discharged and heading home with a pair of crutches ... Nothing broken thank the lord .. Thank you for all the well wishes and concern
dj at the mall, shut up. bottoms up was popular in 2007.
Nights like these make me miss you.
On the 8th day, God made Mountain Dew, a beverage that will refresh generations upon generations of young white males
Happy fansoftwilight BreakingDawn Day! My hubs is taking me to the dual showing starting at 9:30!!
I can't believe you just said that
Guys start drama too so you can't say that girls only do.
sitting by the fire, white wine, family, puppy, christmas tree, movie...
all of my pictures keep falling off my walls.
You know something creepy is going on when there's a white van slowly going up and down every street of your neighborhood!  
Last football practice
This girls basketball game
Those drunken honest phonecalls with my bf.
Up takin lil sis to school...her last day!
Game day in Tally <3
HotChelleRae Your Dutch fans got the album TODAY :)
I love the surpruse of a rainy morning
Prolly stay at home and watch tv like usual... Waiting for sunday to get here so ii can go see Breaking Dawn :)
Max and Erma's. Topping off that Turkey Day.
I am freaking out right now... Why isn't twitter letting me log in on my phone?! That's where I get on twitter 98% of the time!!
Last workout for at least 4 days.
DPerciballi9 evbru8 schechybear christinecapone is it bad that I'm having beers before our beers?
Thank God for erinsongbird21 she was the only one helped me off the floor lol
VIP sale at Ralph Lauren - 40% off - Black Label suits not included
elitedancer8 I can't wait to see you tonight!
In An Hour Or So, I Will Have A Color Added To My Hair! Excited :D
ME AND QUEEN B CHILLIN HAPPY!!
I think I'm just gonna watch blaxploitation this weekend.
For the physical ability & temporal capacity to breast-feed my infant daughter
Country musicccc <3 Blake shelton's voice
Today's gonna be big.
13entertainment I adore you for sharing with us! Thank you soooo much!
why does twitter make it so hard to look up someone.
I don't want the weekend to end...
i hope everyone enjoyed my coookies today happy :)
Some of my filling fell out! This week has been a DISASTER
Suddenly everything is almost perfect..*wink* 2 Jesus.
very rare is one who goes out of their way for someone with no personal gain just pure unconditional love. Everyone has an agenda
To many people have twitter now!
On our way to the theatre to see breaking dawn:)
karlagraber it's sad you need to be reminded constantly.
Food Trip + Gala + Joyride + Tambay + Singing with Guitar (Acoutic) = SUPERCALIFRAGILISTICEXPIALIDOCIOUS ^^ Happy :)
Ididn't evenm know they made an Open Season 3- lol I dnt stay up on that stuff- I got a headache forreal!! ItHurts -
Lets get this done.
APPLIED TO UCONN OMG
I hate taking care of puppies, even though they're cute, they're the most annoying thing ever!
Only 5 days left till we start building the new bar!!!
This turned out to be a Nice Thanksgiving, ate good saw the fam, & the cowboys won.........
no more chem lab EVERRR
.me & my mama sitting in the living room wit the television off both on twitter
Excited to hang w/ britt_morgan89 on Tuesday, busyfuckinweek ahead, RAGE!
Id give up forever to touch you cause i know you feel me somehow. Youre the closest to heaven that ill ever be
mulbers people_run I would make an effort and get one done in less than that by en of the year. Make bigtone00 pay.
Little Mix aren't just girls in a girlband on X Factor. This close to winning. They are my idols, my inspirations and my heroes.
School in a few how annoying !
Big shirt and leggins are my life during the winter.
when you hit ctrl+v when you meant to hit ctrl+c
Working on this damn project
missing my girl errrmac
Woke up to the sound of my roommate putting in work. Where is Stella when I need her? Need to get my groove back...
I can't find the control. O:
Maybe going shopping later!
Well im gonna have to wait until dec.22 for AuthorChristmas and to watch justinbieber's 'Santa Claus Is Coming To Town' in 3D
justinbieber Fa la la's great! Nice job :p PROUD 2
WORKING ON MY NEW PROJECT!!
I hate when randomly text me.
I knew its was better decision to see how real u was when it came to materialistic shit.
Happy Thanksgiving friends! Love you! -Lisa
sara_g6r I saw many Qataris celebrating UAENationalDay with us today in the parade ..
Thinking about and realised that i can't tweet adamlambert and justinbieber for 3 days.
I love when ppl say one thing n do anything.
Lifes pretty great righttt now.
Our Max bespoke mobile bundle & handset packages received better than we could have imagined. Thank you for the amazing feedback.
plaza for dinner then thefray concert :)
I think I want to repeat all the stories of my past. & it seems I need a refresher for my brain is tired..  SAD :(
That moment when you can't get the paper towel dispenser to work no matter how hard you try
I love Christmas, but I fucking hate Christmas music like kill me now
When my mother married, the JOC was passed to her. When I married, the book was passed to me as a Christmas gift.
Ive cut down so much
I hate when peope talk to me when I hve ma headphones in !!
WannaSpoonPB sin amen! Or cookie dough flavor!  Got that inside track! one
EVERYONE I'm going to see rihanna  tonight!!!
parissocrazy Lol thank youu (: But I don't think she's taking me up there yet . I'm probably just getting papers . BUT STILL ! Nervous o.O
- when i feel sickk likee this it makes me
Butttt its all better:) happy!
You wonder why he doesn't like you...
I see my baby in a week.
If yhu wont do it ill do it my damn self ... irritated ...
I miss it allllll
I got blues clues on the back of my phoneeee :))))
Hella looking forward to thanksgiving with my family
mattjmonty jelliott17 paddyluft19 Dekker98 1 week tomoro bitches:) excited housepresents xx
My 20 day old nephew sleepin in my lap . Divine
Homework is done,done, and you know what else ... DONE
aoriakhi34 where's the dougie after your dunk
19 days til my birthday
Was getting on skytrain today at Edmonds, saw a guy playing guitar on one car, so I went and got on another one. Annoying vantransient
When Passion leads me 1 way and I think another, why do I still feel useless? How did I let myself fade away.
Perfect start to thanksgiving break. :)
i hate when my phones dies
Hate wen he lay n the middle of the bed
Home alone all weekend
SepatitisC also it may cheer you up to know that I used my 69th tweet on you
OhYeahBethany lol you still didnt text me sad lol
The new house is coming along!
ima be BlackFriday , Saturday , Sunday, and the rest of my fuckin life!!
Parent teacher conferences are seriously the worst thing someone could have come up with
pavvvs yeah I'm really freaking out about the press conference as well
Congratulations to Darcyrows and hortnessfish on their engagement!!!
Umm I basically love caitlinexoxo!
katiedail you never texted me with the dates over cmas..
One month to my birthday :)
therealcliffyb you finally removed the gnasher ? Oh damn no you didn't
If you can't handle me at my worst, you don't deserve me at my best.
tubbycustard why r u do good?
...this flight is late! We've been on the runway for the past 20 minutes! Ugghhh!!
Why the hell do barber shops take so damn long!!! Shut up and cut hair please!!!
Your the one I have been looking for my whole life! Finally found you.
Steak n shakes white chocolate milkshakes are the best milkshakes everrr
Rememberance Sunday tomorow. Have to march on the street with cadets.
I hate the girls laugh on ridiculousness
Dont act like you're my friend
Why I Don't Bother Saying Shit Like This... I Start Feeling Like Shit.
Earliest I've been up on a day off
codygessner I'm gonna go do physics now…
Can somebody text or call me, Harmoni just went to sleep on me
Surrounded by a bunch of fags
Happy Birthday to my gorgeous niece Hailey who is 8!!
Less than 24 hours until greysonchance perform on TheHitsTransTV :D EXCITED!!
cow hearts with a side of blood
Justin está con Christian, cada vez que están juntos siento como si el Justin de 15 años sale de nuevo :')
Happy thanksgiving everybody
TimTebowFanClub Of course, they'll keep it up. Attacking is their M.O. It's all they have. Sad IrishCAG letat_lechat krissygator
Finally find you and I collide. :].
Ken_Hug12 I knooow! I can't believe I missed the one day we go to Peters :'(
20factsaboutme 20. & Le meilleur pour la fin, mon chéri est génial
i really dont want to spend the holidays alone.
I release any resistance and any negative self-image today.
Forest gump is on
Just got the news! Photo shoot tomorrow. Super
Putting up my christmas tree
red_20 tweet us it? Haha we are
praying that this day goes by quickly
I'm a little scared that you're hiding more stuff like that from me.
Bout to hit that unfollow button for some ppl.
Oil change now to finish shopping...
one scrummy gorgeous little boy asleep = me soaking in a steaming bath.
dude im so excited tomorrow is Friday!! (:
Well my thanksgiving was great.
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!!! BLESSED AND
Not even December and I'm pretty much done my Christmas shopping
I now know I can't trust my sister for shit.
I was in a good mood before you came home
so glad justinbieber is back in the UK this week! XFACTOR mistletoe excited 25
Loves sitting in class waiting for her professor who is now 20 min. Late
What's up with all the fake twitter accounts? Do you guys really have nothing better to do?
$15 for some jeans at old navy that actually fit!
Plans today. Going Starbucks for Breakfast. Then pearls. Then military ball later tonight.
Amazing special on ABC tonight featuring DwyaneWade. On the court one of the NBA best. Off the court one of the best dads around.
Stefon is one of the best SNL characters of all time. I <3 him almost as much as Wayne Campbell
So I'm going to bed not knowing who Lafayette played today but yet ik everything else ! disappointed :(
THISISMAXONLINE u nearly got it right!  was frantically searching 4 ur tweet 2 remind myself what u posted! Lol! Loving THISISMAXONLINE
iSydSkye ha! Right back atcha...look who's using twitter
I really hope my professor is one of those ppl who would rather just change my grade then  got thru the hassle of meeting with me
Too many pervs in these ends...
Ocapone exactly!! N I'm made I miss the results, cause I think it was his baby. sad.
Ok probate, WW, and then GIRLSnightIN ToMorroW night! Festive week, and weekend ahead of me. excited!
My luck in fruit ninja largely determines what kind of day I'm going to have
Somehow i lost ten dollars?
ummm..i really really really wish wednesday would hurry up!!
lol, tweeting to myself.
ChrysMull I KNOW! I am sitting at the desk balling my eyes our
Today was not productive at all...nobody to blame but myself
OMG....EGGNOG is sooooooooooo good!
In the pit at the Lady Antebellum concert with Tay_Brad12 and my sister (:
oomf keep worrying about wtf im doing
love my brother..I said: did you miss me today? He said: I miss you everyday :)
NICKIMINAJ I've learned your verse in Y U Mad & Dance A$$ !
I actually kept my new years resolution.
Sad animal cruelty commercials
Même en bas , On est des hommes même en bas ! (8) !
I haven't seen Jay_Cee93 in so long!!
IG WalkaMileinHerShoes cheque presentation to Coalition Against Abuse in Relationships in the morning...excited!
Relation Ships now a days all sail away emotions lead you astray
So happy when OF was on cover of SPIN, but upon reading the article J.Cole, Childish Gambino, and Chiddy Bang are all insulted
greens, turkey, cranberry, candy yams,& Cowboys cheerleaders getting tackled...
roz85_sugartime nice to meet ya!
I really got a good boy :) Thankful ZeekRogers11
MT mamamakes: SaveChildrenPR  Just heard back from local MP John whittingdale following my email re East Africa campaign
An example of my getting older. The first thing I check out on a girl is her ring finger
I forgot that there is no more Tosh Tuesday's for the rest of the year.
Definitely just aced that exam
61 whales died this week.
Food. Oh how I love you <3
matty_guay damn, and I thought Mr. Hill taught me good in prob and stats
Cuddling with my love bug!
Knackered, looking forward to mamma mia hehee
friends is the best show ever
We all want the same thing.
Ten years later to press charge call it Sandusky trial.
-..What kinda Nigga skeet in a slut bitch that EVERYBODY hit, Suck's Everybody Dick! Sad!
justinbieber i love you:) i hope you enjoy your Christmas and new year. 2011 been amazing for you, 2012 will be better,
That awkward moment when jbillanti1 spells his name wrong.
That aint how it works....that aint how it goes...and I know plenty niggas who get high from their lows...
Your who I reach for when I fall.
Just got my new 2012 free Frosty Jr. Key chain from Wendy's!
AmazingRace_CBS I'M SOOO HAPPPY ERNIE AND CINDY WON AMAZING RACE!! Wanted them to win since FIRST EPI!!! HAPPY  LOVEAMAZINGRACE!!!
My dad thinks its fun to honk the horn to the beat of the song we're listening to....Wearenotaloneonthehighway. Embarrassing. Lovehimdoe.
S/o to my DR fam trying to get Alicebucketlist to trend :)
Its nt a keyshiacole song I don't kno...I love her,BTW listening to Love ...
Much prefer evenings eating chocolate and watching movies , to going out !
Money adds on to my happiness!!
HipHopPantsula hahaha so much for bieng the mortar
SummerCampMusicFestival 's 2012 line-up finally leaks tomorrow! This is going to be a good fucking year.
justinbieber I made my cousin (who didnt like u) listen 2 Drummer Boy and now she loves you & cant stop listening to it!! excited :D
here goes nothing.......
the rain stop pouring and mr sunshine is coming out again. i hope i can move on soon.
McLeishoutnow flat back 7 2 holding mids and a forward closing down
Why can't the people upstairs play something cool like the piano or guitar... Instead of a flute
I am so thankful for my family and friends this Thanksgiving!!  I am truly blessed!
My mom is to
Today was so good! happy (:
Prayer does work *Im so happy....for everything*
wow, how am I just finding out about Karmin now?
Hopefully get to see Misty and Everett thursday!!! :))))) EXCITED :D
Nothing can stop my rage when I cant find 2K..
day number 3 of postal incompetence has drawn to a close.
i actually cant believe i made it through 3 full weeks of school.
cant explain this feeling that im feeling....well what can i say it happens to the best of us......
Dancing around my room singing Boys, Boys, Boys while I move my furniture, do laundry, and clean.
I hate the fact that you don't do anyhing for me but I still give u my time ......its getting old
DIS IS MY FAVORITE DAI I GET TOO SMASH N GRUB ALL I WANT , ISN'T THAT JUST WONDERFULN HANGIN WIT THE FAM
Why am I stressing over the DUMBESS shitttt
Headed to the movies w/my baby...I love our qt...the little that we get every blue moon
Wish I was home
I cannot type w. these dang nails !
Crazy night last night...lazy day today!! Going to get in my pj's and watch DVDs.
Awkwardest moment of my life oh my ! Good thing I'm black I would of gone bright red !
Can't wait to see what type of mood Frank is in !
Amf. Wanna cry. That had made a kurot in my heart... :( inggit ako sa JAMICH :(
In 4 days my twins (the youngest) will be 7 && in 12 days my oldest will be 16. Im blessed beyond measure!
omg still cant believed I was daydreaming in geography when mrs vandeputte asked me a question and I yawned and everyone saw!
why cant girls fight there own battles instead of hiding behind there friends?
I hate when people talk quietly on a film
How my supposed to do my multi track project wen utube wont record
Hot men where you at?!
I just wanna cuddle tonight
Going back to sleep
i think im ging back to bed ill tr yto wake up for rah'S radio show !
i miss my city , my town , & my people </333
CodySimpson Can you please tweet a website for all the tour dates and places. It would be so much apreciated :D
Actually got up and was ready early for the first time ever today! :)
LickMYIsh_THO he/she didn't mention yu!!
_BrianJr_Mommy yayy!!!! Forgot all about it can u say
hope everybody had a good thanksgiving as well!!, so great full for my family and my new family<3
I didn't txt back and its only been 2 mins and u sent question marks. Fuuucckk. Give a girl some time.
You wasn't shit before and you still ain't shit!
Rams game with NatSolo10 sooon(:
Well tonight should be very interesting...
Beliebers have been absent from the WWTT's for a while now,I hope they stay away for good Annoying.
you know you're at a really low point in life when Waffle House is too expensive for you... lindy_jessup
absolutely love partying! back to Yorkshire for 3 weeks on friday aswell!
niggas cum wit BULLSHIT so jus decide how much BULLSHIT u gon tolerate or b
katiebethmusic Psssh cowgirl that's what we do! YAY!!! Finally!!! Can't wait and YES keep me posted!!!! :)
why are guys so cocky?!Seriously its really unattractive when a guy makes his head too big your not the shit
run out of vanilla lattes
oh geeze, thanks emilymschaffer for posting my video to all of
just the thought of him i get butterflies and a smile
At Walgreens at the register. Me:Can you put my CVS card in?
ana_sabarots things I hate always makes me laugh kingsleyyy
It has been a terrible morning. Had to say goodbye to Birte and Boris! Will miss them very much!
“AKSx64 I'm an official OSU student! happy”
4 sleeps, 3 days
been having the worst night sleeps recently..
winter break is only one week
Bella lost her retainer at school and someone brought it to the office...ends up it wasn't Bella's retainer. disgusting.
working the festival of light again today! Been such a great weekend! still one more massive day
One hour to go until YOSushi and Twilight with VictoriaMagrath and imadeyouacookie - yes I am sad.
I hate this stupid social studies project
i've never been ice skating, so i'm probably going to make a fool out of myself tonight.
first goal of the game goes to little brother.
Hate wen my time & patience go to waist
ChewyPerkins come back, I'm lonely and my bed is cold without you
It would be cool to have a girl to text with.
Having a SkyBar.  Haven't had one of these since I was a kid.
stevyncolgan I can recite the whole thing and used to be able to recite You Are Old Father William and The Walrus and the Carpenter
U are all I need nd i'll nvr let go.
Okay seriously just went all through my car wtf is my bank card? Ugh
Only 4 and a half hours sleep but I feel pretty gooooood!
Broke my leg on stage...feeling proud to that i finished my song anyways :') We colected 1000 euros for present for pooor children! proud !
OMG black friday shopping was soooo hard but found a bunch of cute clothes.
The BS in this game is making me physically ill!
OTP WITH LEAH .. CAN'T WAIT TIL SHE COME
I hate waiting rooms.
He got me smiling n doesnt even know it
Up so early lol don't know why ? Texting till I ktfo :D
just cant catch a break
Lorddd smh why its so many bodies dropping
On hold with a Canadian dealer. Music? Shania Twain.
iHumbleServant inspired_ones thank you so much!
ashleylauren914 i love you sweetness
Love talking to nschult12 :) can't wait for him to be home !
Just finished with the Oriental Parade.
Singing out loud to thediffster on XM Prime Country!!!
I be so happy with cortez
Only one bullet in the head
When people say the same thing over and over again.
Hi Twitter! Quick pitch for myself...! The landing page should be going live TOMORROW! Watch this space!
map test, I'm going to dominate you this time. if I can remember where all of the bodies are.
Noo. :( And were gonna be able to skype soon! excited RayLeeMashel1
Quality over quantity.
Who made the giants schedule they got green bay next week 0-4
laralwesthaver we we we so
Even if we turn off the alarms, they turn right back on!
fleur_de_lotus Stephanie! Im so excited you can make it! Its going to be great :-)
Slipped in tha shower got my hair wet lolx embarrassed !!
Why give homework over break?
next week is the last week before christmas cheer
Wtf is up with all the drama on facebook today?!? Geeze people GROW UP!
Love putting a smile on my kids face.....
Tomorrow will either be the greatest day ever or the worst day ever.
Wow it's only Tuesday? I thought today was Thursday
Of course once I commit to taking a nap I find I'm no longer sleepy.
I feel so uncomfortable right now. Like it started raining out of nowhere and Im soaked and I had an umbrella.
It's my life so don't try to tell me how to live it
I hate when plans don't fall through
Im ready go on a deleting spree on fb I'm tired of these crybabies, wannabes, bipolor people
My phone still doing the weird whistling thing
It's hard hearing my dad in pain. We will get through this together, even though I'm far away. I love you!
Job interview at 7!!
i can not wait till my room is finsihed!!
i cant wait to eat hahah
My stomach is talking in a quiet elevator
what a shitty monday.
i miss my baby .. i want to go home..
Cannnntt wait to see HunterHayes todayyy:D.  excited!!!
Next week is the last week of school. Then it's christmas break!
AND the funk I was in all last week, lifted last night. Hanging out with Stuart, talking and laughing like we do. Fixed me up.
Oh,I won't ask for much this Christmas,I won't even wish for show,and I'm gonna keep on waiting Underneath the mistletoe justinbieber
JUST RUINED MY NIGHT!!!
You mean everything to nothing
MY BIRTHDAYS TOMORROW!!!!!
Fayetteville is getting out of hand with all these killings.
Birthday weekend...Bruce wants to rage!
My gf told me she ok with being a three month cougar as long as she with me :)
After dealing with several hissy fits today, I don't think I'm ever having kids.
I don't like when people pop up at my house or Call me and tell me they'll be here in 5mins without speaking to me prior...
Im done... All da apoligies in da world wldnt mk me go back, im in a gud place rite now!
I really wish I would stop getting spam tweets.
IHateItWhen people are pissed off all the time. irritating :)
In such a bad mood
thatawkwardmoment when you walk into the living room a catch your parents watching American pie
I hate when people are taking the illest shit in the bathroom when all I wanna do is piss . rage  Lmao
All my bras are too small
xxxBiBiJones And maybe she should work on her bedroom stuff! So he doesn't have to watch u porn!! If I was her I'd be in
Happy ThanksGiving to all my beautiful Followers!!! Hope you all enjoy your turkey day!!
CloserToKOL HAPPY to have you too
Omfg Kennys dog is bleeding and it's scaring me
anishachak pray for a blizzard over break.
i spend half my time
this baby just does not cry.
OK - as rain goes, that was pretty pathetic. Especially by Joburg summer standrads.
I hate letting people barrow my clothes.
Chilling at lahoguefarm awaiting  our breakfast on a beautiful sunny morning
So glad practice ova now I'm chillin wit my boy...
I feel bad for the guys who put gays down. When they more then likely are gay themselves.
Lark y r sum ppl proud of clubin in sunnysyd tho? confused! A se maemo DISGUSTED!
I'm so full .... Thankful....
i only had to phone numbers this year!
Tried to nap before i buss these moves.
ChynaDesveaux love standing in bank for 45 mins waiting to be seen
Just had dinner. Fried tilapia and chicken, Laing and Bulalo!! Happiness :)
MissPopStar Joycee188 Those rumors about jtimberlake being engaged, better be just that!!
Such petty middle aged women at the YMCA... Literally talking about another woman 5 feet away like high school
Midnight cannot come soon enough
Can't wait for my eyes to not burn every night from cooking fumes
God is so good :)
imma away to watch some asking alexandria interviews as its 5 weeks today till i see them
Chell_is_Skyy you did an amazing job tonight! Enjoyed your warmth & transparency. Love ;)
the feeling that no one is next to you in bed
lanaberry wandered over to Hangar. Got bored. Going to get food and heading home ;/
“tatumprintyy: I hate going to school knowing I didn't do my homework anxiety”
There are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them
Am I the only one who got the twitter version we had before back :) ?
MARIAH_MILLERR people who complain about bitches and whores, when themselves are big bitches and a slut
Super-motivated today! Clean house, gifts wrapped, cards written, and still a lazy Sunday ahead to teach myself some electric guitar!
!!!RT KdotBEAUtY: A dumb bitch will be with anybody just to say she cuffed
AmericanExpress customer service should take a hint from Kohls_Official. I've never spoken to a more rude individual!
Damn the young man that got a old fashion ass whooping by his uncle and posted it on youtube was killed the other day.
Spirit/$waag week presents: Rainbow day!! Ya'll better be wearing your colors.
marclesterphoto adndotcom thank you for the photos. A great reminder from a courageous woman about what really matters.
Why do I always become incapable of typing when someone is standing behind me?
heyhey_rayray33 pretty unbelievable, I can't believe Purdue lost. Hummel cramped up like a baby.This team is better than dis.
I love waiting for a non moving traffic
Like are you that bored? What you running your mouth for?! I'm grown!! All that energy you got try using it for your own benefit
Yay for going home! excited :)
The smell of eggs... Gross.
We break hearts you grow up you get urs broken and you still fall deep
Sitting at my dad's office waiting for a delivery -__-
dont retweet everything on your timeline.
Omg sitting in the chair  
it's just one of those days...
Tired of the elephants getting out of their cages on 3rd floor and stomping around.
AshleighHall1 They r coming to Houston in June
Don't talk about things that you know nothing about
Omg. Top 10 twilight songs<3<3<3 so
justinbieber hi, justin you can pass me an address where we can send you a letter? is very special to me the letter, please Answer me
THEREAL_SARVE I just don't know what I did to deserve the unfollow
alexa_chung Aaaw you tweet that mean girl but you don't tweet me :(
So glad tomorrow is FRIDAY, thought it'd never get here!
Just got shit on by a bird...
and things end up working out! :D
Oregons uniforms r startin 2 sux
Hate that feeling when its takes you forever to get ready in the morning because you don't know what to wear
I feel like I need to spend a morning at my favorite place on earth, lambeaufield.
twitter didnt send my tweet then i tweet it again & they both tweet
Dreamed I was building a house with rustyrockets, then we had mediocre sex in the attic
You obviously can't take a joke.
Karlie_44 well if your brother and I still talked I would have an excuse to come visit you!
Today is the day.... that I get my new car!
Got surprised by my aunt, cousin and grandma! These little things make me happy!
Hopefully I feel well enough to make the drive to white plains tomorrow :)
Gul I can't wait to put the kids to sleep & chill on my balcony with my glass of wine and my black & mild!
This tat is bugin wost than the last
Just be walking right behind a woman who openly farted twice, really loud. Nearly gagged.
Louis Gibbs has to be one of dumbest people on the planet earth.. Why would you steal?? Entire network behind you and you blew it..
And we are off!! Family trip to St. George for the holiday... Love it when we are all back together.
tooomoorrrooow is 1 december AAAAAAAAAAH
I was excited about going back to Campbell tomorrow, up until the point I realized exams start this week...
EmileeClark3  ohhhh I get it now
lazy to go downstairs and grab something to eat
Honestly wanna slap jenelle from teen mom2 in the face .. Stop being so mean to ur mom, ur the bitch-_-
Happy thanksgiving everyone! So excited to be home this year. Nothing better than friends and family. And lots of delicious food.
BarbaraDude at this point I'd be happy with 10... Or at least to fit into my size 9 jeans again! :(
i finally got to see my long lost best friend. what a great night.! =)
LeighFrancis I was with you tonight man, got a picture and stuff you also said you would follow me bro, please keep your word :D
Thank GOD for allowing me to see another day and another opportunity!
coulda been worse...still thankful**
break is soooooo close. but so so so so far away
hate having to wait to give people xmas pressies
breakingdawn was amazing. Now to wait another year
JordanThompson_ , everytime Louis Walsh says 'Amelia' it just sounds like you saying 'Ameliooooo'
I really had no idea how heartless and selfish a person could be until you showed ur true colors.
why is New Hampshire hall so far awayyy?
Time to kick back, rest, watch football, and pray for an amazing day at the Ridge tomorrow.
Something good is happening, and I feel like its shaping up for better. Yes, there is God and he does answer prayers.
Fresh skinnies right out of the dryer
TalkTalkXFactor loving MarcuscollinsUK and LittleMixOffic can't wait for tonight!! excited :)
Why do i put up my guard when im with him! ugh im messing it up for myselff :(
I'm not gonna lie, Manuel Scott is the man, very powerful speech today, makes me appreciate what I have even more
Tryna tell myself to go to sleep so tomorrow comes quicker..
MichaelMurphy85 No word maguireshane paulrafff niallcorrigans deckster15 ryanmcgurk1 conormccrory2
If this is how you are going to coach the game just put em on the plane and come back now. Take the loss.
I hate that youtube wants me to create an account to verify my age so I can watch a Jenna Marbles video.
emilye29 peterdewolf can help you find Dawson!
As long as you don't stop...it doesn't matter how slow you go...
love internet shopping, but would be better if I had money!
jinri_88 listed on my wishlist. Aaahhh
Early for my mw appt.  40 min early.
No one to watch a movie with tonight :(
MrFoster1986 Barlows your number one isn't he?
don't feel good.
I hate when your taking a quiz and you have a pattern in your bubble sheet with your answers.
Franchement j'suis contente qu'il y ait un nouveau jeune et beau garçon au cours du soir, ça motive tout de suite plus pour y aller!
Serving others is the meaning of this life... In this way we fulfill the law of Christ.
Thando_phly time to tweet her liKe craZy
The bathroom smells like drunk peoples throw up... *siiiiigh* these people need to find another house to crash.
Go to a therapist with your problems, not Facebook.
Somebody get me outta this house before I kill someone.
I hate when fags start liking the same shit as me
Tuesday Zest.. Send your SME business tweets to LemonLtd today and I will RT... Please RT!
why the fuck are girls so pathetic sometimes?
Just got a wee cheeky offer for Liverpool :) literally couldn't be more relieved :)
Nothing Better Than Going to Bed with a Smile :)
some customer just brought in the new 100 bill ... I don't think he's ever seen some one so excited
Starting to get pissed off more and more every day... irritated fed-up
I think it's time to move on already, don't ya think?
HAPPY THANKSGIVING from all of us at FMS! We are so thankful for our awesome employees and our clients.
MrsSales_GCV -Yes! They just keep coming!
murphysbutchers I saw that pic earlier, lmao. Asked for adamdarcy today at presser, but wasn't produced
; Dont Feel Like Doing Anything The Rest Of The Night.!:/   Sad:(
My phone has retarted about 10 times today
Having a blast at work..
When you've spent ages looking for something perfect online and you finally find it and it's out of stock.
listent to music til i go to a place where i dont want to be .
Great day to be alive!
jammin to rihanna without Matt_Swart! I can't wait for you to get here anymore! Hope that flight is treating you proper swell.
Ugh its getting so good
Star wars trivial pursuit.
I don't think I could possible study anymore for my CNA test. stillmightfail nervous hailey_mills1
I CANT LIVE ANY LONGER WITHOUT AN IPHONE!! D:!!!!! panic !!!!!!!!
I really need to find my competitioncard today.
I hate when people jump in and out of my life
Awb league i have brady....must win out to get in...hes got gronkowski....
Samville8 me and you both bro
Successfully slept through the Turkey Trot 5k I was forced into.
Callie_Jessie. Well fuck the world.
Trying to help a boy shop is soooooo frustrating!!! Girl don't ever do it! They Don't like anything!!!!
Tonight has been the best night I could ever ask for!
i can't find my mom in the store
New York in less than 24 hours :)
PatMcAfeeShow Been there done that!Found out my bank changed at Goodwill trying to get a deal on 1/2 off Saturday! $10
There's something terribly romantic about listening to a guys try to sing along to country songs.
Sister puts the t.v on, full volume at this time!
Presenting my capstone to a multimedia editor from AP. What?!!?!
Minds Going In A Billion Directions...
Bengals are getting killed.
My registration date is so late I'm not gunna get any of the classes I want
Wtf Dominos jus randomly put mushrooms on my sandwich
Ellenpaige12 @lonestarqb I know I was shocked to see no snow
Sth bad running into my head !!! what exactly don't know !!!! may be
Wish'n he was here....
Watching the news... Too much gun violence! How depressing!
I know what this feeling means...I'm always right about it..
Nothing ever compares :/ depressed whymustthishappentome goodnight :/
Time to start getting ready!:) I have many places to be at today.
Taking 298292929292928 pictures. [ And not getting a single good one -_-
pavOHlikmyballs I wanna shoot myself
This year was the worst and best year of my life. I'm so blessed to be surrounded by such AMAZING people that have stuck by me.
Life in a tent on the beach
How is Christmas Shoes even on the radio? That shit should be illegal
I love ...LOVE my qb. Respect the MANHOOD ... but he should not come back. Its the browns. Regular season. Playoffs yes come back
I spend more time waiting on the Internet than I get to work on my projects
Its really hard to be motivated when you know Christmas is in a few days excited!
Gonne Have the best weekend everrrrrrrrrrr ! Proud :-)
s/o to my 24th attempt to write this essay
When your casually eating cookies and crumbs go down your top
I left Geer & this will make my second time passing it since then...
Thank god we only have two days this week.Then Turkey Day & fair.
MAma speelt met zusjee Love #(l)____(l)
If others aint happy I kno I have my sissy n neice
Just heard cat screeching
like dis guy calls me more than my boyfriend does!!...
I cant even lie i did let God go, but now Im bringing him back into my life...
got up and opened the curtains ready to greet the day and it's already dark.. back to bed it is then
Just saw the most hottest Brazilians ever!
pegbedillion lex_fowler I wish you two would have hung out with me
Confirmed a booking ive been after for time & get to go back to back with one of my good DJ friends, will post up details this wknd!
Blessed to wake up nd see another day
murena75 thank u for beautiful flowers ^.^ 
Christmas. Birthday. Valentine's ;)
Can't wait for Annie starring Willow Smith
Can't believe still at work till Wed!!!
I'm feeling like a walking egyptian mummy but sort of whimsicial as well.I'm a dreamer and my dreams carry where my legs can't.
First exam is over. Studying my life away for the last one
Heading to Santas sliegh ride
That moment when you get to school and realize you left your homework at home.
She looks like my past
Just looked for onedirection tickets on the internet and the lowest ticket price I can find is £175.50..
like I would text you but I have no conversation starter other than you make me happy
AMasonCarpenter i rejoice with exceeding great joy! happy zippy :)
Mane im still not playing
spent much needed time with the love of my life today.!
Me and mom decided to have mustaches now.
Happy Thanksgiving!! I love all of my friends and family! God bless you all!!
zarek_steed I'm so glad those pictures are gone
Cant wait to see NessaNicole1989 tonight!! :D Gonna go for a jog tonight w her to the park and workout!! :D
I wish my sister wud hurry up and pop my niece out.!!
S/o to all the girls still showing their tits in their twit cons for no reason & gaining no followers.
I want u 2 stop being a bitch.
Snow in Sherwood park
it's pretty sad when the ATM machines in Walmart are nicer than the people who work there.
i think imma a bit hungover,the crazy thing about it is i woke up n bought a brew
Snow Patrol in January !
Lmao when bitches have to have a group convo on me and my life
mazel mazel!!  Must be a good month!!
Thinking about tomorrow leaves me this interesting thought.
mummyontheedge1 will read tomoro, my wifi connection this eve is crap
Everybody needs that someone who comes into there life by accident, but stays on purpose
Its Rika9521 and mine's first volleyball game coaching!
Umm tellin ya «Jus_Shad The Bros have no mercy, you gone feel this Wrath»
Three words, Eight letters, say it and I'm yours
Life just got real but I wouldnt change it for anything :)
I'm sorry if your an adult and daddy or mommy dearest is still paying your shit that's
I'm new to thisss!
iPod/iPhone new twitter is crap
Louis_Tomlinson make a crismas song ! <333
I miss our laughs together, our talks together, our sleepovers together, our time together. But I think I really miss being together.  
Happy Tweet:  The beauty of sowing is that you reap more than you sow.
Happy to call him my bestfriend!
Ashley better wake her baldhead ass up don't really wanna go my head is just set on Rayshawn
Film kijken.met ouders
Tonight was so f* eventful!  Spreading the positive energy to everyone
Babies should not be aloud on the red arrow buses...
Negativity is born in the gap where love is excluded. LOVE IS THE MOVEMENT!
SO glad I'm actually gonna be around GOOD people today.
Two words: forget snow!
Uuuugh So ready to Get on this Road Tomorrow Anxious:)
BiebrgasmBR Hello!   How are you? Today is my birthday. :) i have 15 years...i'm young. Can you follow me? Thank you Belieber! Love <3
my aunt over here collecting coca-cola condoms .. lmao
watching a walk to remember with em mads and davidd
So blessed. Thank you god for blessing me with this life, friends, and most of all my amazing family.
zanneherrera salamat sa boooook. at foods:))
I love my eyes there my favorite part of my body
Wanna thank god for wakin me and da family up dis mornin
These twits on Super Sweet 16 ain't even kewt.
Laptop is falling apart
Guess I should enjoy my break before we have to get progress reports when we come back
I hope trinaa bring me some food ....thatd be love ..
so glad justinbieber is back in the UK this week! XFACTOR mistletoe excited 19
Here i am thinking ima be at home all day all bored but im gone all day :b
Ppl abuse the word love n hate so much that it has lost it's meaning
Going on year number two of  emotional strength tomorrow. I can't believe it's been a year already.
Andrew Luck is such a beast. I can't wait for the 2012 draft.
what are you getting for blackfriday i'm getting my
AmberRozzayy_ ...its going to be a FANTASTIC day! Full of L A U G H I N G with your Crazy self!!!
a_alsaati just remember badr's smile knowing he didn't come yet Anger.
forgot to throw my 150th tweet to Paige... I must be mental
Just tried to send a pic to Low_Keee but accidentally sent it to her mother!
I hate how people say iont instead of I don't.
Hip hop dance at 5:15 (:
U just depressed me even more....haaaa..RT Gatorguy: VicthePi Reminds me of Addazio days
Going to run the trails again
MrRefinement I remember that! First game our freshman year! sad lol
That Nap Was Much Needed
1:26 da day me and my husband made it official
ArielleB313 lol yea and right
LyssZara haha thanks (: let's hope so
laneharris22 hi ;D i follow you now...
JamesScanman why can't you be like  joey Essex? SAD.
bryce_flaugherr I swear, if we have to look at more anorexic pictures tomorrow in health, I'm going to die.
My phone hasn't vibrated in an hour.
new nail lady today
Yayyy!! Boo comes back today
back to school tomorrow!
I need roll up but i lost my wallet
I just smashed that entire plate
its been way too long!
THANKFUL FOR THE GOOD, DA BAD AND DA UGLY PPL IN MY LIFE...
People who talk to themselves to get your attention
SkyMirror ... warm our seats ready for Christmas eve!!
Yaaay got a super cute Victoria secret bathing suit love :)
emily_faith022 Calgary from 23-27 and penstinky from 27-1. I thought you knew better
If you're gonna pretend to go to sleep, at least be smart enough to not put anything on Facebook for the rest of the night.
E+ pesents...I.R.M.C.                     (I ROCK MY CURVES ™) Fashion Expo Summer 2012 & its going to be sick!
sitting in my bedroom trying to get noticed by zaynmalik but i know u will never notice me sad :'( <3 x 43
I'm feeling desperately in love right now & it suits me (: the Sisterhood does that to me <3
home is where ma is..
ping pong fuckin sucks..
Just saw a woman with her pants ripped right on her buttcheek and she don't even know haha
I feel bad for my home friends who don't go to summer camp.
I've had to tuck my pants into my socks, it is that cold
It always makes my day when AshWiedman posts a tweet about me.
Dogs snoring so loud
Its not by my power or by my might.it's jehovah nissi.
CandaceShirey10 I saw you at the Clay Co. game and you didn't speak to me
I'm a blood-washed, born-again, King James Bible-believing, blood-bought Baptist.  I couldn't go to hell if I wanted to!
So tired! Had a GREAT night though. Looooong day ahead tomorrow.
And you are to me ??
“A kiss on the beach when there is a full moon is the closest thing to heaven.” ― H. Jackson Brown Jr.
bayork25 ahhaha I haven't seen yo ass for awhile now
shannonwhite26 so...all I could find was that AJ Cook was fired bc the producers felt her character expendable.
ThingsThatPeopleShouldntDo talk with a mouth full of food and spit it out...
not gonna lie, i want to like just like idk.
I feel bad for all your followers ...
Jeez jets, you're looking like the bills out there
Our cupboards are bare, oh my. Dreading the trip to Costco and the Commissary. Need to remember
Ihpe yur being careful,,
I wake up and I check my phone. I have about 10 missed phone calls from a private number.
Why would anyone listen to someone with experience? WHO KNOWS.
Kirsten_Viohl ashtinevans11 get a room you two
Where is KTherndon and alexa_knox??
got my electric heat. got my electric blanket.
it's almost midnight and they're still rehearsing? they should really take good care of their health first before anything else
Well.. There went my good day.
Ugh, I cant take this. Giving in!
Tomorrow is my Friday
really don't wanna go back to akron..
Well that was fun (:
& then it hit me. I AM GOING TO SEE AustinMahone ON SUNDAY. almost peed in my pants.
Colin and I are leaving for Austin tomorrow to spend Christmas with my family! I haven't seen them since August!
If you go out, searching and looking for it, it'll never come the right way. You just gotta let it happen and fall into place....
So much projects due for this week
MrArtisticated so that's why you texted me?
maddilongpero it was the first thing i thought of for that trending topic
Countdown: 23 days until Christmas as of one minute ago... Countdown until a day off: 19.  Can't wait.
Siesta and afternoon snack @ Thunderbird with the Family.
lately I been wearing my clothes inside out
I don't want you to go..
Mobbed is the stupidest show EVER ! -___- annoyed .
BM_currie I FEEL LIKE IM GONNA DIE.
is sooo tired of hearing trains go by every 5 minutes!
My sana makes me laugh every day
I so Dont miss hearing people in the mall shaking bells
I hate seeing my family go through the things they doo. worried../:
I hope everythings okayy!
ItsMelanieAmaro Melanie Amaro is a TT !!!! YAAAAYAY love ya Mel   you did a fantastic job tonight!!  
Am I more excited to see New York or my best friend MattBlakemore ? Hmmmm tough one (and obvs the latter)
So BellaDonna04 is going through such cell phone withdrawl that she wants me to tweet for her.
Decorating the tree and listening to Christmas music :)
keegangalvan we have some MAJOR locker decorating to do, with subdeb pictures & christmas stuff !! excited <3
I need to invest in a punching bag.
Can't WAIT to see my boyfriend<33333333
Demi Moore n Ashton Kutcher are getting divorced...
Tonight has been perfect<3 I couldn't have asked for a better night:D
Literally eating icecream out of the the box..tub? Whatever.
KristenHopex3J hhahaha yeah yeah I know I wish I could when I tweet u this morning but I had exam now all done thank Lord
best night i've had in a while
Going to have a full house Saturday!  
NatUnsworth bloody heckers. R u getting bored of walking up and down.
all my christmas shopping is finally done
Omgee. They are actually caroling
msleamichele 's 'River' is on repeat!!!
Who wanna exchange Xmas gifts wit me this year? lonely :(
thankful to live in GA and have this awesome weather!
Two new favorite bands, Two Door Cinema Club & M83 listen to them!!
my mom just told me she loves my best friend morganhutchhh more than me....... sadness :(
When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breath, that is when you will be successful..
Breaking Dawn with the mother and then putting up the Christmas tree(:
calebhicks that makes me sad I love Nordstroms Most of my friends do most of their shopping their too.
sleepover with my bff, idatbieber <3
POLAR EXPRESS IS ON.
Feeling sorry for yourself never gets anything done, but sometimes, being a girl sucks
I have to go buy the rest of my food to cook for Thanksgiving tonight
Aren't the holidays supposed to be relaxing. Why do i have to put up a tree and decorate if Thats the case.
A Night Of Heroes - Fuck me this is emotional.
all the good shows on tv aren't on anymore..
That moment when you want to take a shower yet you can't because your sister is still in the bathroom -.-
Going darker on my hair...fingers crossed that it turns out well, please!!
On the plane for Washington DC!
Curiouz0ne you're killing me!
brittanymorgasm Bout time you got twitter :)
paulbelessis im sitting next to her
Isn't anyone concerned that I'm developing mental vegetarian tendencies?
Tiny look like Ms. Piggy tho. T.I bogus but I guess looks really doesn't mean everything!
Being on these movies and tv show sets are so inspirational. The team work, communication,dedication, and energy is overwhelming.
_La_Reilly haha seriously though but there's still man vs food nation unless they cancelled that too depressed lol
Breaking Dawn tonight with MariaaahDunckel :D excited!
Doing something kinda new
i beat that white girl ass , her lip was bleeding and all . HURT .
no ithaca college I don't wanna compete for y'all.
Pretty sad when your parents tell you what you got for Christmas
My dad is pissin me off with all this college shit & its not even for me, its for my brother.
Sometimes tears can express feelings easier than words ~
I just want to go home & rest.
lmmcglaughlin you're   awesome btw in ruining the surprise ... Nancy is making and appearance tomorrow be
Come and give Thanks in our Thanksgiving Eve service at Free Life Chapel.  See you tonight at 7pm in the Lakeland Center
1 person Brings you up breaks you down makes you crazy makes you paranoid makes you or breaks you puts a smile or a tear on your face
This time I will believe that it is possible <3
I hate talking to my mom on the phone. She says she cant hear me so I talk louder then she asks me why am i yelling.
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone! So thankful to have such wonderful friends and a loving family!! 
Morning tweeps anyone no any good thing to improve sleep I can't sleep past half 9
RizzleKicks I've booked for 2nd March,
Am so cold in bed !!
At Allison's Choir concert, it's so packed here!:D
mañana es 14: mañana me acreditan.
TheAlliSimpson plz follow me...plz makes my day <3 gorgeous love 1
Sometimes you can't help who you LOVE.......
There is no sense in arguing if your never going to win
Listening to Leona Lewis's cover of NIN's 'Hurt'. Actually sounds okay until about the 1.55 mark when it all goes downhill from there.
Can't wait to see RachellTolles tomorrow
Mr Brookover is tied with Mr Wright for the worst/most annoying teacher ever.
Everythings falling away from me...
had the same headache for three days straight
Why is it that derricklamp  can figure out my 4 and 4s better than the AT&T store worker
Great advice today from one of our
Nothing better than good food and Packers football on Thanksgiving
Asking a question and never having it answered
Decided that sofa is my new bed in my room, much more comfy
Todays Gonna Be A Good Day ! (:
I am so pissed right now.
My mom NEVER answers her phone!!
I used to H8 hashtags. Whatever happened?
I have the best girlfriend ever! (:
Teaching my sister-in-law how to throw a punch in prep for Black Friday crazies.
has the most amazing family,friends,&boyfriend anyone could ever ask for.
Found a note I wrote about a month ago when I was bored in American history.
Ommmmmg don't make assumptions!
kid almost got his ass beat
Who's awake to cheer me up????
The Great Escape on Remembrance Sunday. How very British!
With the boo.<3
i love late night car rites and walks through jensen park (:
Just realized how many pairs of yoga pants i have
_stateMENT gr8 morning love. Whats good with u? Coming home tuesday! Excited!
ashlynmariah916 so uhh I'm guessing your last recent tweets are about your overly romantic roomie? Whom you love so dearly and much!
LEhedrick sounds like fun hahaha the how to love lil Wayne music video makes me cry it's sooo sad
Bitches tryna holla at my man...I don't think so!!
I hope stalksdiggity can win me this stuffed bear wearing a Bills jersey in the claw machine!
I enjoyed some KevinHart4real before bed.
Yessssss let someone pick up the phone before my porn can finish dl.......
Nothing like an early morning gossip session with my moms to end my night...
What a workout man 5 miles
Just gave the Starbucks lady my student ID....
call me weird but I love sucking on pacis
Mi felicidad es completa! Deje de ser blanca albina y mis piernas no son un palito de la selva.
Getting my new recipes together!
Seared Tuna, artichoke hearts , red/ yellow Bell Peppers & asparagus w light parm & fresh mango/pineapple w berries for dessert
Bob_AE09 don't tell me not to call cause ill bust up!!
My water clearly broke at 5:30 and I had her less than 4 hrs later
The past cant be rewritten but it can make you stronger.
love love love winter break so far :)
johnlewisretail this years add is AMAZING! you have shown the others how its done!
aburton21 this is about to be the most awkward thing you'll ever witness.
On cloud nine!! What a fantastic feeling and great opening night!!! So thankful for everyone who came out to support us!!!
Do not want to go to work today...I just want to talk to kaleb ):
It's too bad sometimes people don't understand each other.
200 miles separate me from a much needed movie night with my mommy!
>.< must finish album! :P
I Just Noticed ..Im Mad Struggling With My Grades This Year
the apple store is always so packed
bridgettegarden Where have you been??
EllenDonaldson jourdanbaird you were in a great mood when jourdan went to queer cause you lave me more with my curry stains
Mellow Mushroom for the first time with HaydenBridges1 🇮🇹
its a dancegavindance kind of day:)
I hate how my dad has to control the T.V. Like no I was here first back the fuck off.
<<<<<----------Is literally wondering why my whole left side is feelN NumB
White Christmas. My night is made.
i really wanna go black friday shopping, but i have no money to spend.
The word classy make me wanna punch a dolphin in the face!! annoyed lol
Thankful to have 7 bitches on my watch,thankful for my fam and boys,thankful for being tbaby.
Finna show my sheets sum love...
timoreilly welcome to justified crankhood.
... all 3000 songs on my ipod are... GONE. they're just gone.
kendiddydis i cannt not play
Last Gatekeeper lunch of the year with davidandrewjudy and K_Strib.
Wha kinda woman dis, gi di bredda di baby in di taxi bout she a go roun di nex side, and walk lef the baby.
TrAgedy_504 is a typical hater/blocker and a Modern Day Uncle Ruckus
mn mascara voet raaar!;o
xoxo_shaybaby mad i just IM'ed you on skype and you never replied lol
My boyfriend is a robot he is to perfect to be a real boy! Blessed I just left him and I already miss him I fell like I'm 13 again
I jus seen a boy get his as beat n stomp  n his own car
I didnt knw she care lol
Why can't I stop thinking about her?
despite not waking up until 12, and not leaving my boyfriend's till 2, I've had a seriously productive day today!
And told me I can use her discount on top of that !
Taking care of some biz-nass and then going to moorhead to stay with my biffle, bubblymariee.
Seeing the babe today! Eeeee!!!!
Currently playing the waitinggame, to see if 2012 brings change...in God's Hands
Decorating the house for Christmas
One more hour til my last final
Just applied for university !!! Couldn't be anymore excited :D
3 more school days left!!!
Still in my bed, cba leaving it like to warm!
Even if it rains like hell; have a nice day tweeps!
The freshman parking lot is near empty hahah cowboysladiesnight was obviously last night!
Can't get enuf of Rihannas We All Want
The best relationships are the ones you didn't expect to be in; The ones you never saw coming.
why are you on TWITTER if you playing  FACEBOOK games . ? go back to FACEBOOK . ! annoyed .
I put my faith in you, so much faith, and then you just threw it away.
frankie and dougie are on good terms.
Thanksgiving and Black Friday are over - belly is still full, wallet is mostly full, and there's still one more day to the weekend
why am I so down lately , get me out of this slump !
Dreams suck. You have a perfect life, then you wake up and realize your life is nothing like you dream.
capriceAclassic Lynn_DoiinMe I really love you guys real.shit .. feels longer than 6yrs that we known eachother thankful :-*:)
I takes 10 years for our Tv to turn on..
Hates when my contact is being a little bitch.
So enjoyed this beautiful day! I hope the weather stays like this. Accomplished everything on my list.
justinbieber i see all these beliebers getting noticed, but I haven't gotten noticed :/! DEPRESSING 8
katespadeny Just spotted the leopard print gloves in the preview on giltcity so posh!
if you wanna trend do it on twitter not on fb! it's so
I'll never let ppl borrow anything again.
So excited for tonights announcement about Netball
Christmas is almost here <3
Homemade spaghetti for birthday lunch
First Saturday without college football since August.
You would think people living in Cornado would have enough money for Christmas lights..these people ain't got shit
Girl puking in toilet commercial and dry heaving
Off to do further science outreach training today, finding funding etc. excited!
MurryBoynton sweeet! Heheh...we miss eachother too easily...and yess, after an hour 1/2 of being disabled
The amount of pikeys in this area make me physically sick!
Will this friggen cold ever go away? Now DS is sick too.
I never even heard of little mix before every cunt on my bbm put her/him in their pm's
I can honestly say I love where I am right now
Sorry Dr. Lyles, but you may have to deal with my project being 5-7 pages and not 8-10.
I normally wear black but today i'm wear pink, i'm already off my game.
Can't sleep... Will be leaving in a few hours to go pick my Dad up from Camp Shelby!!!! 
MarcellusMusic U sing beautiful!!! If I were singer I did a duet with you!!!
There can be a huge upside to Friday and a really big downside to Friday too!! We'll see how it goes
I've broken 3 nails this weekend
For the 1st time in 2 years I'm not watching the X Factor final at 31 The Polygon
My mom taught me better than that .
Me and mom gettin ready for church together.this is freakin awesome!
thefunnykitty Thanks for the suggestion! Read through some of his tweets! Good stuff!
tutoring puts me in thee worst mood ever!
“It isn't what you have in your pocket that makes you thankful, but what you have in your heart.”
No braces anymore:D
I Thank God For Me And My Family, these past few months has been nthn but him, i honestly dnt kno how i got thru certain things...
Hail mary pray for me and pray for those who do not know any better.
the one person that is always supposed to be there, ignores your texts but when she needs to talk about, you better answer her?
As much as I want to be sleep right now I can't fall asleep.
Why the hell can't I sleep!?
Is Rising Early! Much to be Done Universe:) Please Give Me the Energy and the Zest to Breeze through the Gift of Friday!
DreadPirateDrew  linds_oh I'm going to my first ever gig on tuesday with elcarthy.
some people really need too grammatic and spell check their tweets
Omg my mommy sent me some industrial earrings ,
hate this cold :( can't smell my bacon cooking
I have so much love built up inside, I just need help letting it out. My dream girl is out there somewhere. Make yourself seen please.
(Waiting for a response)........
I'd be kind of scared if I was you right now
Replacent tablet arriving means I have something to play with tonight.
hootsuite_u i would love to .. but I am in Italy. : (
tiffie f baby and the f is for fuck sleep!!! “TiffieBabyy: Why do I keep waking up.?! annoying”
well fuck this uncooked kd, not what I was looking forward to at all
awww One of there players died last week
Dumb is never cute.
No 2 mins silence on the FlyBe flight to Birmingham
I just got a free costa coffee :)
ugh, why are yu such an asshole?!
Wanna give him thanks for awakin me this morning, guess some ppl didn't
Holding me so tight i cant even turn around lol
My sister needs to move back in already.
I do wanna punch the niqqa for snorin so loud in my ear over the phone...
B_Dash007 LOL for real man its
If your gonna lip sync on a music awards show why bother in the first place?! Embarrassing AMA's
Wanting nandos but being skint,
cheer competition practice soon:)
I love cecevlovesyou . Only person who bothered to text me and ask what was wrong.
Why did I get this problem wrong ms. Champagne? BECAUSE YOU SUCK AT YOUR JOB
OHMYGOD IT'S DECEMBER 1ST!! Let the countdown begin :)
I can pick and buy my own gloves for the Deb Ball?! HECK YES! I CAN HAVE SHORT GLOVES! Oh, life is wonderful.
Nunaalthanii Yes! I've seen nearly all the shows. Did you like it?
Oomf tweeted abt SouthWest Philly girls so i got real hype.lol...
Music paradise always fucking up the original version of songs.
Did my mom really just run over and scream Hi Santa ... Lmfao ew
x3_jess_ the final will be the death of me.. forreal!!
cydneymacklin wooow I just got the follow?
toni_kris1404 so annoying hey?! Awh :) I'm so
Wen i stay i dnt b worried bout nobody.. i b so 4real.. n my heart,mind, and soul i can take on a army!! I got all
you're showing how you really are right now
Ugh Dan is so going to fall for this girl ...
God this sucks
why do my text never send till 20 minutes after i want them to
After that whole bedoon/religion tweet thing, I expected to lose lots of followers, instead, I gained like 7 more followers.
chucheek21 lyf... U finaly admit Proud!
No better snack than milk & cookies on this rainy night.
I miss what we had in the summer I feel like cryn :'(
I wanna see breaking dawn! but i think I'm going to wait because i hate those stupidlgs who scream throughout the whole movie...
laying down beside my sis having a lil convo!! love ha
I know you so well I can see the smallest hints of sadness on your face
JGriggsOfficial Calm yourself.. Those bowls of ambition have bad side effects don't they,
Want to thank God for waking my family up and for guiding me to school this morning..
To be tested is good. The challenged life may be the best therapist.~Gail Sheehy
Damn IU ain't even rankeddd . embarrassing.
Cannnott wait to get my iphone!
Just found out I broke a girl's fingers at school today
lshannon12814 l dont remember seeing you once
Let my first-time cooking begin! Dinner for two coming right up.
I can't stand my mom
I Seen Her, She Seen Me, We Started Talking, Now It's Chemistry
best weeekend in so long :)
Country music will always be my one love <3
First appearance of Ben Sisko's Muthafuckin' Pimp-Hand
abcdefghi_JEY see everyone is talking about this but I have yet to see it when I sign on I'm very
Cut the bullshit man!
Go away, Berit. You make the internet slow
Today is going to be a great day!
Looking at My Space right. Gosh my friends/life/highschoolyears were cray proud partynation.
just got the cutest pit :)
when someone takes this piss it of someone for something they can't control. disappointment shouldn'tbedone
I can't wait for TheHungerGames to come out! May the odds be ever in your favor. (: EXCITED.
That moment when you realize that a 5 day weekend is pretty much over
BMccants14 is gonna have a jumping new years party
I have to call Imaaaan back when I finish my homework
101 Dalmatians is on!
Finished my UNE application.. sending it in tomorrow ! Nervous !
adverts on spotify wind me up so much
God gave me an amazing family!
I love how my social life picks up as soon as the amount of work I have to do picks up. Oh well, it's going to be a busy 2 months
so not in the mood
I wish I could be more like WoahItsBriana and MrCoffeeBlack
kennethdalglish so what your saying is lets get behind a Racist. classless and
Funeral for my auntie in a lil over 5 hrs...
Bad night gone good! happy.
Not in the mood for anyone or anything.
I want the day to last forever when i'm with you.
***Happy ThanksGiving*** to all..Hope that everyone have a bless one with there family&loved ones! ..Im Blessed nd beyond THANKFUL!!
Man I think I'm finna change my number!
KRAKbabE i'll be there soon... i got distracted by chrisbrown and justinbieber voices! sorry they're memorizing.
friend gift exchange tomorrow! :D excited!
wish mum would just sack the people at work who make her this stressed
love: when you still making with her after you bust a nut...pure
So this is going to be the worst Chicago winter in a long time
Thanking God for waking me up this morning
Yayyyy BUT for how long !RT LivingMYLife_YO: Miami Wednesday
I love nights like tonight.
the minutes after you first crawl into bed
I have my Pharmacology exam tonight ugghh
Where's the jobs for the English now?????
prof took us out to lunch at a japanese restaurant.  and paid.
gimmiedatbeck_A SO ANNOYING. everyone always tweets about it.
The fam bam is coming from cali today C=
Just sang the girl part of cold outside in the shower.
Why is there so much traffic outside of the school?
Soo it looks like my 'Nancy' is dead she needs a new alternator!
yep, decidied on the iPhone 4S at the end of the month,
Thanking God for what I have and TRUSTING Him for what I need.
That awkward moment when you show up to Zumba and the class started a half hour ago....
Just completely stacked it up the stairs in front of loads of people...
My little island > this big country
sunday night with babe :) BillstaWillsta
Haha these girls walking down the hallways with bells and Christmas lights around their neck
To love is the bravest thing anyone can do.
Ive come to the conclusion that im gonna cut my hair
He gained 10 followers since i've been Tweeting for him : )
With my disheveled hair and scratched glasses! I LOOK SO POOR LOL T_T
What's wrong with my phone? It's taking at least 5 minutes to send every text!
I dont understand how people can go against dey on blood fa ah nuthin ass niggaSad!!!
IT'S LIKE THEY DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT MAKES THAT CHARACTER SO SPECIAL OH WAIT THEY ARE ALL HACKS
& this is why my dad needs to get his own fkn car and give me mine back
I hate having my nose stopped up
UHMMM....why can't i see my tweet retweeted.....!?
Damn i must b fallin hard, cuz this love shit
I can't wait for home!...
Just found out who my new roommate is!
“ALKOEHOLIC: people are way too insecure/mad/jealous idk .. Annoying”
I miss my absolute best friend!
When work actually plays something.other than christmas music >>
didnt see myself on the news...
This is the best time of year pond hockey and snowboarding
i need to find a job closer to home. 3hourcommute.
You wear white and I'll wear out the words, I love you, and you're beautiful.
Do, or do not. There is no try. ~Yoda
Egyptian_Nino He's just learning the offense..He been under 8 different offense..He's not getting trade & I have too dnt want u
I wish my big toe would stop itching.
I hate that everytime I mention ikea, I get a spam tweet about winning a gift card
Awake and lovey isn't awake yet ):
navesssa That wasn't worth the sacrifice.
i cant wait until i become a realtor in 8 months and make 2000+ in one pay check.
Who da fuck is singing the national anthems?!?  Dats NOT Doug Allan!  :(
hmmm, i dont like all these christmas songs celebrities nowadays make. theyre just too >.>
Going tubing with friends at Alyeska ski resort today.
danamo are u watching this???TENSE!!
Last day in Vegas /:
Finished work an hour than I was suppose to Angry!
Hate my hair, never does what I want it to do
Monday, why must you come so soon?:(
rach_morrison haha! I cannot wait! We didn't go last year so I'm having withdrawal symptoms!
Some people really just don't need to drive when it's raining
And as soon as i tweet about couples a couple sits right in front me all over each other
Fist night my baby boy is sleeping in his own room!
Fight for what you LOVE and the people you
haha i keep hearing this bird chirp every 3 seconds outisde my window
i gotta fight for this
Wish I could watch the Patriots game but my 10 different assignments to get done by Thursday will not let me.
Looking back, I don't remember most of my childhood. I can remember a few words that people said at a time, but never in context.
Ive been studying all day and i'm nowhere near being done
May Allah protect Bahrain and its people.
oh yes this week alone that night no one to accompany me here if only there he would have crowded
Addicted to the new Blackberry Playbook that i received from the MJWARRIORS  for a christmas present!!
Out of no where I felt like I was going to throw up... And then it passed
Finally got her back..
“I like myself better when I'm with you.”  Mitch Albom
Been on Maury 6times... You
GoodMorning lovelys:) thanking the man upstairs for blessing me with another day
JessiLohman Gmorning to you Jessi! Awww my wknd is just begging, it's Saturday nite 23:00pm lol  Wish you have great wknd<3 Thnxx n
Let's have a great Thanksgiving. Dinner! And let's wait for our Red Point Bro-In-Law! :)
christmas shows start tomorrow :)
I shouldn't feel like dis
done my nails good for once!
learn to love every part of your self because there is no one like you and there will never be
Grow old with me!  The best is yet to be. Robert Browning
jddelonge you're a little late on the trend..these have been said
The Black Keys.
laura_payne I don't like studying in my dorm :(
my family always steals my phone charger then say i lost it
and fuck you too if these type of tweets get on your nerves,obviously i'm unrelenting in my beliefs lmao unfollow if you're feelin hurt :)
Gavin nd stacey christmas special !! Cnt beat it !!
Should not be allowed to use my phone after a certain point on a night out!! Funny in the morning tho
I will never get used to waiting for trains to pass in Langley. Love my community...but....
J'ai fait 3h de java et j'ai pas pleuré !
dmnabti twitter I just had this problem now :S
Hungry. No food to eat.
It's days like this that make me realize some people just aren't worth my time.
Now on the way to g-rents numbaa two.  Downers Grove bound :)
justinbieber YOU ARE AN INSPIRATION AND ALL THE PERSON WHO SAY YOU ARE A BAD PERSON MUST BE SILENT. I LOVE U! PROUD 21
I wish my lil cousin would stop talking all loud in my ear so i can sleep!
vmacandcheese haha, i might have to stop following your tweets! can't wait to meet up!!
HELL. YEAH. Downgraded from crutches to a cane. Like a boss. Now to work on making my limp look like a pimp swagger
Dad's hiding behind his ipad trying to not see the nasty stuff they eat on fear factor but can't help but watch.
Hope everyone has an amazing thanksgiving.(:
On the bus to swimming to see my baby again
levarburton Familiar with the short-lived JohnGoodman sitcom of the same name? Wasn't picked up.
Nicintosh No, I know if they do come out from behind vehicles etc.
The Living Christmas Tree!
MW3 is fucked up. But shit prolly happen like this in real life smh.
NP Sure Thing - Miguel </3
MartinMillerGin It speaks volumes about the night I had, that I needed to go back and look at what you were talking about.
All praises to the Father for life
Ready to go back to school
Actually can't wait to get rid of this school and most of the people in it! Its a complete joke
Abe said he had pulled some strings and me and Dimitri are able to go away for Winter Break together for 1 week! Can't believe this!
Every time I turn around ddlovato gets more successful. I am sooooo proud of her. Naming my first girl after her<3
The name they ran across me is actually oomf
AlisonSuzanne94 welcome to twitter bestie ;)
CrazyStupidBows happy thanksgiving to you too Bestfriend ! I love you too.
<----needs a drink...a shot...hell something!
good luck!! whatdreamsaremadeof “SwissMusiq: Got hit up by a promoter to go to the U.S today. I hope it goes thru!! excited”
Dagen börjar bra. A på provet.
Washed hair, cleaned, hoovered, painted nails (with bendy rollers in, now making a chicken curry. One of those domestic days.
Loving someone and having them love you back is the most precious thing in the world.
This fb app keeps freezing and its so slow.
And made some grade up -_- Like wth, she's such a sh*t teacher!
Jay_TDIH be nice to see you too!:-D & woo then TDCC will be the month after!!!!
exhausted but in good company.
She Went To The Mall While I Was At School And Just Bought Me Some Stuff Love.
been watching Criminal Minds all day
Missing you babe  <3
I can't sleep and the best way to spend this night is listening to my hero.
Nice cuppa cha & chocolate chip
it wud hve been a nice morning until OfficialDJFade woke up nd strted makin noice 4 evrione!!!
hell i tried but nt about to be played shit i honestly love ya bt fuck ya do wat you want cause im nt bout to wait for nobdy....
Got butterflies in my tummy -_-
np Without you-David Guetta ft. Usher
2.8/2.8 on my american quiz & 15/15 on my ecology quiz... all while half asleep
Aspen (CO) Police Dept says BrookeMueller arrested last nt. Charges: misdemeanor assault & possession/cocaine w intent to distribute.
CodySimpson i know you're so busy now. But what you've done, for make us happy, Right? We will love it. Never change! Thanks love :)
Might have to go too silver creek next semester....
__melissanicole would rather drink this tea than have blueberriesss. disgusting :)
Worst argument in forever can't wait till I'm 18
Sarah__Mack SHUT THE FUCK UP! My TL is blowing up from your retarded jokes. God damn
My prediction is that scream is going to be shit tonight
BurnOutt_Negril tickets start sell :) kfc mi gone eno
Bucketlistgoal Kiss in the middle of the street in New York City at night.
Trying on potential New Years Eve party dresses :)
as i approached the gates, noticed the guards, and the air shift in a weird, almost airless way..i knew strong inner magic was needed!
Yes i have 2 parents doesnt mean im spoiled, and sorry they dont feed me off a sliver fucking platter when i throw a fit either
Just got back from a run
HISS DICKK IS A
asyling no BB at all where you can dl and use SS then give away from there?
Tomorrow will be a good day for sure :)
5 more days till i get my beats
Please don't be true:(
YEGRestaurants hildalemus xocortney2 whoops I am Gavin some drinks not drottawa, bug mistake
Just to top off a good day had the best parents evening
Swinging for the ball and missing them landing on your butt
5 months is too fuckin' long...
Watching a Nirvana documentary with my male pal.
On route back to Ipswich for some much needed loving from the family. Laptop down, trainers away I'm having a weekend off
Doctors appointment for my back
Don't wanna be here ..... Wanna be at home in bed.  I don't wanna do anything!
I swear my parents ruin all of my plans!
“MegoCLO: I got to meet prestontaylorrr's fam tonight :) happy :) :)”
Can see so much better with my NewGlasses :)
Rigatoni Friday with my Dad!  Yum!!!  Best gravy ever.
SunDrop & tea? Actually a pretty good combo
I really need to get a waterbobble. Time for a new phone.
being away with my best friends/team makes me realize so much!
Got to see my girl today  
Fuck u citibank where is my card!
It's a love story baby just say yes
Have you ever been to any sporting event??RT DBizzTheShizz: I peed in a urinal for maybe the 6th time in my life today.
Riec315 they just hate on the LAKERS coz we won champions
Pretty good report card
My Mom Told Me To Listen To Someday I Might Get Over You By Kenny Chesney..
My moms snoring is so
kingunique one of my favourite tracks ever!
Today just got better...got that email I have been waiting for...
we're almost leaving! :D my first bb practice of the season.
Well done FX. Saw this episode of ultimatefighter last week. Congrats on your awseomeness.
amess27 turn on your lights
If you don't stop breathing so hard I will cut you.
That moment when you're making kissy faces at the puppy in the car next to you and the old man sees you and waves...
YaLovelyy_Ass VTO! Lol that wud b
_DotheDAMNthang I Aint Seen You Tweet Like That Or Hit My Line So I Juss Had To Tweet You And See If You Was Okayy(:
cassie sucks at games on my phone trying hard
Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak. Sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go
Fell over whilst out jogging.
Love doesn’t make the world go round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile love tabzmyne skizatune chriskarta
Up early with no hangover from last night
Love an early morning text with good news!
My parents have been using my iPad more then I have
S/o 2 my fav women on twitter kpasion_  Saras_Poison Ashely_Hasker GfunK_ARLA  CurlyHeadRissa KGunett Coke_Girls KrystalBlayke
Looking forward to absolutely everything :)
Got my Chick-Fil-A
I have the best boyfriend in the world
Dammm december hasnt been my month graeds slippin, gettin sick alot, and possibly no christmas sad:(
AbbHay4 AmbEig5 well you two better WAKE UP, because the weekend is upon us
My daddy gf can't cook lol she just microwave
Yeah them. Well i have on burning in my room
“Inspired_Ones: The best & most beautiful things in life cannot be seen, not touched, but are felt in the heart. -Helen Keller”
joshopebell  At least i still have mine! yours vanished after year 8
Shitty ass food at the gold rush
Going to end up going alone for prom I can just tell,
All packed and ready to go :)
my nails are so long :) proud !
don't use the word 'like' 3940230942039 times when arguing with me please. irritating..
ppl must knw to just leave me alone today! WOW! Hahaha
JadoreeElijah yuppie ...thats how yhu recievemore ...its called
thatakwardmomentwhen all ten people your texting decide to go to sleep all at the same time... lonely :(
I like to see that sarahmdonald is taking her stress out on twitter
loving Andrea Bocelli ChildrenInNeed! can close my eyes and listen to him! hmmmmmm...soothing and
I hate when people try to have a conversation with me while I'm half asleep
in case you didnt know..
Are you girls keeping count of the days, because WE ARE !!! not much left for DWCBAZAAR !! excited HCT_DubaiWomCol
wanted monster but i forgot my wallet
sebaboerner manonthelam1 arjantupan 9VSKA CharlesRyanTeo Can't wait until more people wake up to share the video with them :)
SMH!! “OnlyAJoke_ Not even who I thought it'd be... smh disappointed”
FSMidwest Wow, with what generation cameras are you shooting this game!?  Terrible picture!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Being sick and alone is the worst ever
Out cold in savasana.
>>>>>when pandora crashes in the middle of one of your favorite songs
This entire week is gonna be so boring.
Goodness fucking gracious, these staff writers for Newspaper are so hard to work with! Get your shit done!
outfit sorted for courtsjohnson 's, so productive day:)
Instagram Is Coming to Android!
brookezaffino you should be smiling for a while.
oneof_ahkind so its like det ??
There is a growing need to Hold Everyone in
It took me twenty-five years but I've finally coined the phrase HOLLAH-days!
worked so hard today tired. phone interview tomorrow nervous. :S
Some Asian lady on the bus has a perfume that smells like death.
So nice the rain!
Who has a fucking key tone on their phones these days?
thatakwardmoment when your mom tries to hook you up with the guys working at McDonald's through the drive thur :x
Good morning luvs...the Lord has  bless us to see another day...
got my tickets to see Kid_Ink  the 29th
you could at least have the decency to text me back...
some of the things people say on twitter... SHOULDN'T be said on twitter at all...
People make me so maddddd
I hate going public places in my work outfit
The bitch before me was a mistake and the bitch after me was a downgrade smh
Don't you hate when you have to make a decision but ur afraid of the outcome so you avoid it:.
SrdjanGeneral she looks like the bitch from that CSI show of whatever that dresses gothic
Hate my 2d design professor for assigning this insane project
kelseysundt sounds like a plan :)
Life is great without NBA basketball. We get to watch 24/7 coverage of stupid riots and rape cases. depressing ScrewyouPennSt.
I can keep my phone!
Motorcycle cops are cheaters cuz they can hide be hide bushes successfully
3 months <3 with my
Respect voor de allerliefste ilseborr
tkaaaayxo what do you mean im not :(
Ready to get in the Christmas spirit like the old dayz
Good evening! Give love everyday 
I'm the only one in my house that can't FaceTime ...... Depressed .
BuneJugger scottfest20 try to have fun without me
I'm also convinced that Chris Paul must've fucked David Stern's side bitch and she's not throwing it back in the offseason no more.
The Bob Dylan cover that Miley is doing will on a four-cd collection along with covers by Adele,Ke$ha,My Chemical Romance etc.
Last day of my first semester!
Ohmygonz just bought my ticket to surfer blood!
Watching the Major League Gaming Friday Night Kickoff. TENSE!
CantWaitToSee my Christmas pressie !!!!!! X x x
Hesher is one of the saddest movies I've seen in a long, long time.
At my little cousin game!!!!  excited!!!!
that was some bullshit...
pally111 Thought you may say something... Git....
Shoulda just stayed in bed, everythings always chill when I'm asleep
niffster this in turn knocked out the bulb in the fake lantern and put our side of the restaurant in pure darkness. embarrassed haha
Darius Rucker songs define my life
I hope he just walks around heaven all day.
Mahbooba Woop woop. Cant wait! EXCITED :D
Happy birthday to my main girl JBiebsURamazing love ;D
Can't wait to see twlight tonight excited(:
I'm so mad right now that I could punch a baby square in the face!
Woah! Flashback just saw JASMINEVILLEGAS on that's so raven was an amazing singer then and still is now
I more day then I will be done w half of my senior year!
I saw my my toy store for the first time since it folded 4 years ago. I was dreading this day, but I seem to be handling it ok.
boys smell awful!
Watching a movie all by myself lonely :(
Everyone in my house is out, but me.
hmmm ... your face says
No free wifi at BAM and no astrology section.
tankcrew4life glad you're excited about it.....
Y a de la flotte ! Et c'est mon dernier jour ici … Tomorrow …my coming back at home
Don't know whether to get a tablet and trad in my laptop or keep this piece of shit!
Night! Tired AF! -..- haha still listening to the 5 hour playlist! el oh el im so stupid
Every store I go in, the alarm goes off. SMH
-had a wonderful time wit dha fam...
Carina_Stewart today is the day for this dance to begin!
Back together with emilynovoa as of 11:11
Tonight is the night
Have not stopped eating since I woke up
Wrapping Christmas presents up
Alexsa Time on Skype..
TRUECVOG yes sir
Goodmorning! :) blesssed to see another day
I've needed you repeatedly and repeatedly you disappoint me because ur to busy...
Testing tonightt, wish me luck!!
A cup of vanilla chai to kick start the day
I just hate when things never go MY way...
Single by lil Wayne.
Ain't gotta worry about nobody cheating or anything Happy :)
Wow, there's a lot of people I don't like...
Lunch with mommy and then the Baylor and Tech game at Cowboys Stadium with daddy
How do I always manage to get in the freaking slooooowest line at the store???
Chest is a tad tight today.... Very ready for the holidays crunchtimes,
Had to switch to my blackberry for three days while my iphone gets fixed
naitothenai I got a TV in my room. I've gone private so you get all these perks! Me feels like I'm in a hotel!
10 hour trip from Maryland to Kentucky, listening to ASkylitDrive because i miss my baby every second. I'm not a pussy, just in
My Twitter News feed is almost all girls retweeting quotes.
This day just gets worst and worst.
Sad that was the last game, but at least it was a good one. :)
i hate when u jus do your nails n then it messes up out of no where
drinkrealbeer No St. Arnold's on cask at the Houston Airport???
Keep seeing adverts for E4Chelsea finale!!
Off to the girlfriends!
sophiamcandrew omg stunnninnnn have to see them !
Movie date soon! The sitter ;) looks freaken hiiiiilarious
ReprezentRadio Thanks for the shout out
Everyday has to consist of a happy day, won't take nothg less!
Today has been a very positive and productive one ... New relationships built and new projects in the bag!
«Chelss_Renee I love being Hispanic :) Proud»
Santa clause has just followed me on twitter
if you're gonna cheat on your girlfriend find a bitch prettier than her.
Over 500 views already on my live performance video in that short space of time Happy !!!
That moment when you can't find your pencil when doing homework
Decent win today! Lovely little run out as aswell
Tom Cruise is making Top Gun 2...
ItsBadEnough that you wear ma' shoes & ruin theem buut that you also leave your bra & undies on ma' room floor, like ...
When I say my back hurts that means it HURTS! Sooo please don't kick me or sit on me!
on our way to the hospital
Gonna hit up italian express for the first time in a while.
Is it so much to ask that my original iPad and The Daily work properly so that I may enjoy it over my morning coffee?
Going to see the Inbetweeners movie
Digicel_Jamaica what happen to postpaid customers?
biddiez_22 smart choice with the number in your name
wishes she could do something tonight..
thanking god for this new day because it wasn't promised
Ummm I Miss My Bayy Already .. Uqqqq. SAD!!
Mean girls 2 is a let down to mean girls!
The fact that I've had such a hard night, and can't go to bed because of all this stupid homework, is seriously so
Made the mistake of not running for the T, now I'm just waitinggg
A 45 minute seminar is a long damn time to talk in front of all of your superiors and peers. :/
Decided I don't like a lot of corpus Christian. But the songs I do.
One more final til freeeeedoom and a stress free winter filled with Christmas and snowboarding.
Bassist of Treelines just had a bra thrown at him.
I admire you so much , you are my reason to keep dreaming justinbieber UnderTheMistletoe is so sick and your freestyle kill it Proud 6
Sitting next to the cutest couple ever. Of course.
I hate stupid people...
thanking da man upstairs fo letin me c anotha day everyday is a blessing and im so
So, I got a new scanner. Now I'm gonna scan the SHIT out of some pics. So fuckin' excited! ha-ha-ha
I cannot watch the last 4 Harry Potter movies without crying my eyes out!
cant wait for my FIRST thanksgiving ever!! volunteering down at santa monica tomorrow then dinner with friends :) enjoy everyone!
ITS_BLITZBURGH right..she put up with too much..now she being mocked like crazy
hope this is the right thing to do.
first basketball game tonight...
i read her letter last night ... a tear fell down my cheek
HannahRose_____ yes. Yes it is! I wish you luck! :-D
If you depend on someone else to bring you happiness, you will never know what it means to be TRUELY happy.
Surprisingly, it changed my life.
TeenTip When your teen is afraid, it’s easy 4 him to say “I can’t.” It is a false belief that only strengthens the fear.
SRSBamford I was just thinking this
Thanking the Big homie upsatirs for Everything Blessed /
Devoted entire day to studying. Now, I must find nutrition then back to studying again!
people need to stay out of my business.
Karmin Crash Your Party on the radio right now!
Not only did this girl take our seats in class but she wont stop talking
Finals got me stressed. I just took a benydryl. About to be fast asleep. Hope i wake up in time in the morning.
OMFG dhhidjgkjbhsahrdxiej they're bringing back ThisIsEngland88 !!!!!
in bed in Hereford after an unreal night in Cardiff watching kighofficial with _Vi_x and AdmMorris
justinbieber Wow! I love the video AlliWantforChristmasIsYou. I LOVE HOW YOU DANCE!, I LOVE THE MUSIC, I LOVE EVERYTHING! PROUD 31
“DJ_901 NP Rihanna Ft Jay -z Talk that talk..NewMusic on 977FM 901AtNine” iAmMissPrissy
Some people are extremely self centered. The worst part about it is that they don't even realize it.
Good god your annoying. Shut the fuck up
Just saw a bunch of teachers from blue valley..
I always retweet gay shit by accident on this phone
My dog is a hoe smh
oh my god, I love all this snow. Oh wait no, there isn't any down here.
Jakey_Bakey_74 and I are going to prom together. And he's going to ask me in a cute way.
HUGE bloodstain inside my brand new BEIGE suede boots. Luckily there is but a tiny speck on the outside.
This movie is making me
Ready for christmas and new years!
It only takes about 7 min to get here and he still hasn't gotten here. annoyed.
Season starts this week!
All I wanted was a badass friendship, now I don't even think that is possible.
Losing followers rapidly lolololl Yormdeezy was right, I'll never get to 100
Tonight is gonna be pretty fun (:
welp nothing exciting happened at 11:11
Damn you Wordpress, Custom Post Types, and Permalinks. This relationship is over.
, cant wait till christmas doe .
I'm really gettting so pisssed. Like shutthefuckup, it's not funny anymore. You're just annoying.
The Hunger Games trailer is truly incredible! Can't stop watching it. It looks so much like what I imagined & true to the book. :-) love.
i hate to ask sumbdy to do sum fa me....but wen i do sum fa dem dey happy well datz finna stop
JacksonSpeeks keeps tellin me I should move back home...
Not tied down anymore happy.
40 mins after my appointment and still not been seen
Lady just came out the bathroom and aint wash her hands
wish my mam would hurry up and get home !!
Haven't been up here in forever...
Interview time! I really dont like this! :/ nervous.
JSU is dead right now! I feel like Will Smith on I AM LEGEND.
I gotta jump a 26.9 to get a A standard for long jump...
  sugar and whipped cream
i hate the sound of rolly suitcases on floors with ridges in them.
I will take this nap, haven't slept well lately. She is not helping the cause.
All I want to do is go home
Three more days till my birthday!!
Its like when BiS gets disconnected. When you Update it, the download speed won't be the same again. Annoying!
My sheets never want to stay on my bed.
I would take pretty much anyone else's life in exchange for mine
I wanna go home let's go patty
MIQUEL2005 Ik ben super trots op jou man FrancklinMcKoy je weeet wat ik zei!!! And you know it its always love!!! ««
La saison 2 de Braquo à partir de lundi sur Canal Plus
baaack :D weer internet on me blackberry
MarcuscollinsUK please follow me! Would mean soo much!!!;) can't wait for the tour! Ahhh
the time you need to talk to a certain person thee most , is when they become unreachable . feeling lonely .
smcinema_mega hi.when are you going to announce the last few winners of breaking dawn tickets?
So much to do, so much time to do it, and ZERO motivation to get it done. Is it Thanksgiving, yet?
Soo excited that break started for me today, but instead of sleeping in, I get to wake up and work.
My son's birthday party this evening!
i'm so used to people walking in my life just to leave. fuck you for getting my hopes high.
Just Ordered a pair of mini kimono UGGS and a set of 3 Drake take care pins
youu honestly need to stfu right noww
Trying to find a solution in the most impossible situations o__0 UGH
Love spending time w. my babbbbby
lauracmcintyre start of the next phase!
Some neek knocking tings over at a party disappointed phil_howard18
So many good movies are coming out next year! The Vow & The Lucky One look amazing!
A one word text can give me butterflies
akwardMoment when you pour a bowl of cereal and then u realize there is no milk
Can't wait till Tuesday twitterless chad Connors is coming down!
It's gonna be a long day.
stop being negative all the time , move on already !
there are 4 new tswift singles on itunes.
Those lonely nights when I wish I had a girl laying next to me.
Dying the underneath of my hair purple soon !! excited (:
ImSoBoreed I Called 107.9 Jus' To See If They Would Pick Up.They Did & I Hung Up.
tmc_1121 I did tango you never answered me! Family pictures
zo omw to family
Lisa sleep wild bra
You seemed so cool, then I got to know the real you :/
Damn mii OWN CHILD told me I was FAKE
i wana get so high nd count the stars with him..
LaceeLou12 and tomorrow is a (everything and above) kinda night!
Hoes are extra thirty lately....
as far as I know I don't have aids.i can't boldly enter a clinic to take that test!!“amp_on_sah: Simple HIV test....hmmmm nervous”
Where u going? “ssimmons27 Deposit for my table.. excited!!!!”
Cookie_BrookieS I'm sorry bestfriend! I am truly heartbroken too...
Today's just one of those days
Of course I dropped my computer and bluescreened it. Cause I was being careful
money weed good health family..
On the plus side I am getting a DVR in my room!
Thank god tomorrow is friday(:
Organizing a Barcelona trip for April 12, gosh haven't even come London yet and i'm thinking about other holidays looooool
Wahh :) Heading pataas na to Tagaytay!! :) Loving cold weather! :>
Seriously, yelling at me at 12:30 about something i can't control? Really?
can't wait to wake up tomorrow and check my mails to see if i have won... excited :D
Let These next hours fly by!
Hahahah today has been the best day ever <3
Why did Herman have to rape those women?
Bought some bad ass jewelry at the show!!!
Don't borrow something, and not put it back where you got it! annoying!
jwlofton Trey_09 call me if y'all do anything..
What I feel for you seems less of earth and more of a cloudless heaven. ~ Victor Hugo
bout to work outtt :)
Finished gathering my presents for my family yay!:)
ugh I wanna dance again
I will never look at OOMF the same... disgusted -__-
Its sad, but I have completely given up on school work and everything. I hate seeing myself go down this road.
This is for you  , google for it  (sqrt(cos(x))*cos(200*x)+sqrt(abs(x))-0.7)*(4-x*x)^0.01, sqrt(9-x^2), -sqrt(9-x^2) love GF heart 
moonman_Dan surprised me with sugar free chocolates and pink roses!
Been up since 4 because my throat is sore and I can't breathe.
This weekend is gonna be so much fun!
Your a center, not a guard! Get your ass in the box and front!
S/O to walenation thaboard BOA maybachmusicgroup They keep my TL JUMPING....
Bus wanker now having to walk !
Going to sleep with a smile on my face!!!
singing and cleaning my room.
Mr_RICH_Tycoon MrChrisRene I Know Homie!!
christmas break start for me tomorrow morning at 11 30am
9 days till example eeeek
Getting my iPhone 4s soon. Can't wait for that day!
When ohio state plays on the big ten network we ALWAYS play like shit!!!
I hate my life
just came to realization imma be all alone Christmas
I can't give a dick pump away....literally, they're free.
my dad told me its going to snow later today, i hate snow but its christmasssss!
So so soooo ...... I'm fly
I can't see any new tweets :(
xIchimoku three impacts on life
so excited for the weekend! winterretreat!
Ill never fold on ma grandma soul
lobos's are 18-0-3
Happy Thanksgiving to everybody
Just finished reading Heaven is for Real
I hate when I get comfortable and then have to pee
I also forgot to tweet about how I got hit in the face w/ a basketball in gym today & got whip flash and bit my lip
Good friends crazy family...another day to make a better day. A job. Health and strength of myself and my loved ones. GOD bless
the power of prayer is amazing. that was definitely a step in the right direction.
been waiting and waiting for that someone to come and change my life! Either im living a dream or Iv met that someone changing my life
Blessed to see another day
Doing a full blown celebration when scoring in the 90th minute on FIFA!
The sushi I just ordered forgot to give me soy sauce... ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!!!!!?!?!?!!!!!!!
All my thangs comin home from they far ass schools
Gonna see Tifffannyann at her work later (: surprise!
I've stopped talking to many close friends :/
Im proud of my heart Its been played, stabbed, cheated, burned an broke, but some how it still works....
Lovely night in front of fire catching up on 4od. Would be lost without it.  Having yummy wine from Quintessential Drogheda.
Boy you got my heartbeat runnin away..«3
Just found out i was snoring last night during the movie
Yes! Bridesmaids recording from sky box office for later, mister cooking up a storm and a glass of champagne in my hand
rhmore11 yeah hahahahaah legends hahahaha ;) getting tickets for Mcfly on Sat! excited <3
Drug talk with Bye-Tell-Shes
Ive been working on this essay forever now it seems like
I'm starting to Love every fan base I follow. You are all so kind,
now sings Panto songs in her sleep...
A charlie brown christmas.
Late nights with imSKEIN put me at ease
Hates being at work and everyone keeps asking me where stuff is. Idk how bout you look for it
SAT results later :s
Last day of break..
Grudges are a waste of perfect happiness. Laugh when you can, apologize when you should & let go of what you can't change
Some people just don't know how to take a hint...
Shoutout to selinav16 for giving me a mcfrappe!:)
Missing my man..not the same with out him.
I mean I fcking guess that the whole Harry Potter cast is in Orlando right now... why couldn't they go when I was there? DEPRESSED <\3
Soooooooo my sister / hooper / foolio ona_22 scored 24 points in her game last night and made her 1000th point.
Almost time for my baby to get off :-)
I am not a patient person
At Easton with Nicky. seeing the Crucible tonight
winter break for my lil man starts at 2pm tomorrow once he gets out of school......they are having a lil party tomorrow in class
Saint Row arrive dans quel minutes (:
Getting and iPhone 4s for Christmas!!!
Whoabot We've got a couple weeks to find another spot. I know how much you were looking forward to Fazoli's.
Bought my airfare to banffNP. T - 6 days and i'll be iceclimbing in the canadian rockies!
On the way to Geneva <3 Still here at train station waiting for the train to come.
You don't know how it feels
just got my iphone 4S, now excuse me while i set everything up like a crazy person. :)
KaileyNewsome I'm watching All That wishing y'all didn't make me be Lori Beth
Pancake for breakfast with mummy
Why does my nose always run when I am working out?!
Brb ama togbona n ewedu! Jst d way I like it!:D
Watching STAR WARS with a glass of wine, that's my version of happiness to start the weekend
off to get rope depressing! hahaha
Two Weeks until my ink
Trying to get all my shopping done early! If only it was socially acceptable for me to put up my mini tree already!
dear american red cross, I will donate blood again when I FEEL LIKE IT STOP CALLING ME EVERY OTHER WEEK!
got a ticket to the state vs clemson gammmeeeee
You can't say all guys are the same, have you talk to and dated every guy in the world? No, so shut up
U r always happy with me olivia <3
Good day with my girlies, 1 week till me birthday
Why is my Facebook Account Temporary Unavailable
Hopefully getting tips Wednesday next week :D excited.
Relaxing all day! Watching Top Gun
7 days till my road trip to atlanta!!!! Wooo
AHSFX is great cuz after each episode you have to dissect the overall plot and what's going on and nothing could be more cliff hanger
red lights flashing on my phone but there's nothing new
ThoseThreeWords I've got FOOD!!!
Everything keeps shocking me..
today has been such a blessed day thankful .
Hmm, I think a lot more could've been done with that collaboration...
Mom: All they're doing is cuddling and having a dance around the ring :P
I wish my mom would talk to me, it seems like she doesn't care anymore
lost the lid to my pen...
December:Christmas , January:Birthday, February: Egypt! decent couple of months lined up!
That moment when u're in a public transport & ur mp3 player isn't functioning.
MrzTrishSTARZ u always try to get out wen I'm goin somewhere lol
dieslaughing YOU'RE WATCHING DOWNTON ABBEY!!! YAAAAAAY!!!!
just got iPod touch... white :D..... excited!!
scottwebster_  i hope you guys are all alright
Anyone can dissappoint u @ anytime,you know,no matter how much u have helped them in the past once you are dead you are forgottensad#
I hate being sick.
That aggravating moment when your dog is afraid of birds
I think it's time to hit Starbucks and spend an hour at the gym.
My horoscope today is so great
Dear Freshman, Making out in the halls is not cute... That's for our of school.
The threat of the naughty list has my little ones in shape.
3rd blood donor letter in 2 weeks
NickolasSpencer 1 hour left till Hamela Anderson is ready.
When girls constantly complain about guys, it kinda makes me happy that I'm so independent, and don't need a guy to make me happy(:
10 min to show time with TPedora rempdog and highvalley !!!
The Red Pepper is apparently closed on Sunday. :(
And thus the industries we chose!she's on stage in Bloem performing tried calling to say happy Bday!Eish!!!she's coming bak on Tuesday!
At the Metreon about to watch Immortals in 3D!
Welllllllp, my neighbor definitely just banged it out.
Maybe i wanted to hear it so badly that my ears betrayed my mind in order to secure my heart
Back is still feeling like hell,
I wish more people had Instagram
phone call of the day!
I get a rush, more than a crush. Oh its
4 sleeps until SHANGHAI !!!!!
Nigga keep tagging me in fb pics ....kmt
Gratitude: a lively sense of future benefits
Always that one person that you hate yourself for giving your number to.
i hate getting my hopes up
Shit man, I always figure out what I want for Christmas when it's too late -_-
FDG1993 as long as there isn't a round 2 if it hasn't happened already
Blessed with so many great things.  
SongOfTheDay Snoop Dogg & Wiz Khalifa Ft. Bruna Mars <------ (Faggot) - Young, Wild And Free
all this 11-11-11 tweets are stupid
license test in the morning...
kg_dyer macieshaw thought we were going to keep this between us embarrassing hahaha
I just want to be happy!
I JUST WANNA FUCK AND DRINK. WHY CAN'T I ACCOMPLISH EITHER TONIGHT?!
On the train with chlodaniel
That someone takes forever to reply and just to get back at them your don't reply back until an hour longer than they did.
Headed to Mississippi to go camping with AKC !
Up so early! Here goes for a long day in London town :-)
A cigarette after a heavy lunch
Going to the shooting range with a navy seal in feb.
Battlefield BF3 is lacking 3 huge things in MP:  Custom squads, Auto balance, and queuing up for a server
Come home from work and find everyone still asleep.
off to the airport to pick up ma and pa :)
Talking to the homie and then going to see my girl in a lil :)
Arghh I missed my 4444th tweet. D:
sometimes pandora reads my mind
my no shave november lasts until january.
The first final of my college career commences in 1half hour..
Man I can't stand this little bitch ANNOYED!
Danithan_ okay I'm turning my computer on now, so I'm there soon :o <3 excited liveyou <3<3
havent even taken my first med-surg class yet and im already freaking out over it
WalkOnYourKnees doipetyoubackidek he does! He's very important. And he's my daddy
kyle waking me up to come over cause he needs a kiss before school love.
angelinabaros omg she is sooo annoying -__-
thingsthatmakemecry watching the troops be reunited with their families in the airport.
sexylexie32 that's not going on my shirt and it's not a cool nickname.
Making my first red velvet cake
Realizing more each day!
Made Varsity cheer :D
Some people are so untrustworthy.
U look old af and yo name is chip haha
Ibro_5 yeah breda,we'll mov on,am jst kinda concern wit d injuries,n Vidic goin dwn 2day is no gud news...sad#
Country music and Christmas music is the worst combination
Can Photoshop Your Face But Not Your Ugly Personality!
One day I will be complete and on that day I hope that you are by my side
My mom is the slowest person I have ever met... annoyed.
Blood drive tomorrow
Paradise = first song played my snazzy new Nano.
Times like this i want to end it all, But I can`t imagine my life with anyone but you...
Work seriously needs to fuck off
clairefields1 oh no my secret is out and now the world no's
A lil feng shui in hospitals waiting rooms would be nice
Well that's a good way to end the day.
XiFlyon Jujuho95 Quand même voir quelqu'un ne pas connaître le potentiel d'un SGS II => Disgusting !!!
Currently watching bridesmaids and contemplating my move on Monday. Why do I feel Guys are complex
Why won't it just go away
Waching Twilight with my hubby.
karix22 that's wen they text you tomo and ur like who dis
Gonna book my theory tonight! :)
teehee, sang the American National Anthem like I was Thia.. LOL.
11/11/11-11:11Epic? No. Don't make a wish just because of the date and go out and make your dreams come true.
So sleepy and don't know y!! Emma Kate slept all night!!!
why am i getting random promoted tweets?
BrianHemesath Nice orange egg!(: Btw Madison had to tell me how to spell egg!
I'm sick of the constant internet dropouts…
Wisdom teeth are finally coming out tomorrow
:3 I'm hopefully going to go to stoneyupinsmoke's house.
Omg if I could change buses I sooooo would
Officially going to be an only child next year
An exhausting day finally coming to a close....in one awful mood though
Why do people find it fun to tell me what to do?
WHY ARE YOU SUCH A FUCKER OMG
I can't believe this shit.
Everything fell out of my backpack
Drake is coming to OKC!!!
I love being Indian, but some desis need to learn how to have some class. annoyed -_-
lol first thinq i do when i wake up is qrab my phone , text bay back , and qet on twitter !
Everything that must be done just to go to college <
made my grandma a homemade birthday card today. :) just like the  good ol'dayys
IamMrWattsSME I did one day and u didn't answer... hurt# lol
GeenaVillotti is back in my LIFE
I guess my Christmas wish would never come true. justinbieber ain't gonna follow me. *sigh* depressed followbackplease muchlove 13
I hate cleaning my piercing every damn periodddd.
People don't cherish love anymore
Made it home with no check point stops c:
M2i people visit schedule changes first 3 hours free and english falls out yess..
Wtf is wrong with me
forcing my grandparents to watch movies with me.
I miss home. The food, the tv, the comfort...but mostly the food-mommy's food.
da_village stop tweeting such stupid stuff and get off your little kids game and go to class
I'm not a professional, sometimes you gotta take it easy.
EshaanGhosh Its awesome when you feel the coolness of your nose with warm fingers... Bliss ^.^
Thanksgiving dinner at boozel!! OMG this is delicious!!
Long weekend! Dont know what to do!
Who gets to see SirWillson in 24 hours? Yeah, this girl does.
Told him I was sick & he say im so little he gone take care of me lol
Tehehe i waas 1st i know i was i love you supportmahomie5 :D
caroline_morrow that may the most perfect tweet I've ever been mentioned in.
one more week til we find out what my bestie is having . auntie mal gon spoil the shit outta that baby ! :)
U think u got a girlfriend, but ur bitch on camera clappin her ass for another nigga lol
Tomorrow will be an AWESOME day :)
Someone is singing like a chipmunk downstairs, I don't want to get up!!!!!
No banana and no mom to make me coffee this morning..
The last song and sonic? I think so.
danielleterry10  I about face planted... That would of been embarrassing :/
The warm up singers do before shows
Unless you plan to get me  a custom fitted corset for Christmas I suggest you just donate the money for my gift to charity. Volunteer.
I guess iamrobert_  doesnt care or love me anmore :(
Now everyone is reposting that video. Im done with Facebook for tonight.
people on my bus need to give the carter 4 a rest
Ben and jerrys, fire and pj's
That moment when you put everything on unstable love...
emma_lawster PT_Aston95 yeah me too, but I can't bring myself to learn it!!:(
Morgen om 7 uur met me buurman en me vader me nieuwe bed halen!!:D
I dont see how people can walk around campus bare foot. DISGUSTING!
Choosing Oomf Over Sleep
My iTunes fucked up again!
Remember, people rain on your parade because they're jealous of your sun and tired of their shade. Keep on smilin' :)
InnoGengaMusic waking me up at this time of the hour, now can't go back to sleep
DirtyLolli is growing on a daily!!
Imani puts onions in her tune disgusting -______-
Moto's in the morning! So stoked.  thankful;
Love doesnt have a number. Doesnt sit and wait to called. It just happens when the feelings are genuine
The smallest detail can say a lot.
hcbeam11 I heard you're coming out with me, Sarahelise614 gabbyj1704 and heatherduke11 tonight!!!
ilovethirteen happy hug day laaabs! :D
Just realized that tomorrow is sarah_diazz birthday!!
addyp92 shit init mate! Don't help myself by not eating properly but its expensive buying protein etc
Lookin at the news thinkin Bianca Jones daddy did something to her! Idk what or why, but he know where that baby is!
Headin to SLC for a weekend packed with dance!! Gonna be a long but fun day tomorrow!! 11 hours of dance... Wish me luck
When everyone leaves you at the lunch table.
my mom said i could get my ears double pierced after soccer was over, and now she changed her mind.
Even when your having a perfect day someone has to ruin it
3 days till christmas, week till my birthday. happy :)
well my new phone was supposed to come in today...guess I have to wait till tomorrow.
embrad3 uhhh I love you.... embarrassed(:
Monster Condoms??? Unleash the beast ??
FINALLY the two assignments are typed up.. need to polish them off tomorrow. then BOOOOM complete.
aaahh my room looks good so far:D
First time I hear J. Cole on the radio :')
pudding essay handed in, home tomorrow.
hates that feeling when the person you love hates you
Its my bday today...
Kleach2013 I do love bowling. Just not tonight.
EXACTLY! Met my late fiancée in similar manner! I knew he was a marine BEFORE he told me. They just LIVE IT. pride marines bugsact
Safe to say I am shattered :/ Got britneyspears FemmeFatale to keep me going :D
dooroott dooroott just dance :)
justinbieber I'm very proud of you,you make me believe in my dreams,please notice me?I love you more than anything, BELIEVE EXCITED <3 48
Big up everyone that is posting my new video right now.
Up early tomorrow to cook this year's contributions to the feast: cranberry chutney, cauliflower gratin and stuffed mushrooms.
To our United States Veterans - past, present and future. We honor you! We love you! We salute you! We thank you! Happy Veterans Day!
I never used to be competitive... Until I married a sportsman. I WILL WIN, just once, if it kills me!
Screw tuesday class Whaadaheck I best be seeing you tomorrow night!
justinbieber CHRISTMAS LOVE underthemistletoe is very powerfull voice love..!
Jay arrives at 10:23.
On my way 2 da airport!
Imiss the Hood ...I fuckin swear man.
Leona - a lot to live up to with this song: Nine Inch Nails, Johnny Cash. One of my favourite songs ever written. Incredible song
Early night for I think, up early doors whichis not good in this weather, christmas is 3 weeks today
why can't I have company?oh wait, cause im not sneaking around doing it like he is...and because my dad is crazy overprotective.smh
Half day tomorrow with mia_waite and PiperWaite
Switched to Sky Indie for The Kids Are Alright. Unfortunately it's a lame Julianne Moore 'comedy'. No sign of The Who anywhere.
odhreo oh jeez, SNOOZEFEST! He's super boring on record & have heard he's gotten even more boring live.
I'm ready to be thankful for days off with family! Come quickly Thanksgiving! :)
ncappello stop tweeting nice carter.. He's by answering and it's getting
Man stop asking me for shit give me chance to ask for something
Cold orange juice in the morning <3
kaitlynn_jay cracked my fuckin toes just like you did! Lol
Saved just under half for Zante2012 already
Miss_Xayavong where you at girl! we need to kick it. it's been too long and i need some
10 more minutes before my last exam of the year
Last period, than basketball <3
Have you have watched Napoleon Dynamite? yeah, Napoleon has like the except same personality as my brother.
Twise_11 unfortunately no :( I couldn't find anyone to go with me!  I cant believe I missed my Hallsey's hat trick :'(
i can't wait for megbla to come back to adelaide in the new year. predrinks always being the best part of our night awaits us. excited.
I am sore as hell from the biopsy I had yesterday, but I don't care, the pathology report is back & I do not have breast cancer.
Just saw the Spain team pull up at Wembley!
Go Jump Off A TileRT JustLindor: I'm probably gonna have nightmares since Noxyluv is angry at me
Little things can mean the world and little things can hurt.
I hate whenn ppl tell me they will do something for mee & dont do it... thts been happening to me alot lately -_-
tasha_flavell either jan 13th or feb
It's been too long since I've been to happy hour.
Round 4 has killed me ive either lost 800 grand or 200.
isnt hElloween over yet?!
Food, family, and football. Everything comes together perfectly for a Texas Thanksgiving
Sister is at the airport. Us 5 siblings split again. Love MissHer Bitch.
Why Must People Capitalize Every Damn Word They Type
I always go have a conversation with my mom just so I can see what kind of mood she is in before I ask what I really wanna ask.
Damn girl shut up about it
....about to meet a new friend and get my drum on today...excited :D
auubrey_ is my new
10 years of hard work and dedication... and now i'm not even gonna play.
nickytaay People are such liars these days... LMAO JKKKK <333 (lol I'm literally laughing at me. sad)
i remember when your WHERE  my best friend .
there's a present under the tree for me!
They let Tamar eff up my favorite Gladys song!
It's not about what you deserve, it's about what you have :)
COATS 4 KIDS GET CLOSED DOWN DUE TO HOOD RAT NIGGAS & BITCHES WANTING TO FIGHT SMH MFS DNT CARE BOUT NOBODY..NOT EVEN CHILDREN
De-tangling Christmas lights for the office tree
How I walk in my house and my moms sayin I was grounded, and tellin me to get the house cleaned tomorrow..
Really tired of my internet not working.
I'm free at last!  Eleventy billion logs later I'm free for the weekend (well excluding Friday) but I don't care!
I thought I was black until I was 6....
Think Ill go to New York in about 2 months :)
my son had his first nd last birthday party.
Would really love if oomf would text me...
C'est cool les soirées lyonnaises avec les coupains de primaire et de collège!! love ilsmavaientmanqué
3 more days and I get to spend more time with all of my family!   Christmas tiiimmmeee(:  
Bored bored bored.  can it be school again just so there are always people around?
thirdstr33tboy especially the one talkin bout the tooth piercing.
justinbieber Its such a beautiful day and im about to be out to get my MISTLETOE cd by the one and only JUSTINBIEBER. Excited! 10*
Not funny I hate when you do this anger AndrewABadea
My charger is SO
Our skill could be questioned, but our fans' dedication cannot.
This is the most ive tweeted in one day
I just realised this was the last Monday of this year I needed to go to my work.
Headed to work ptfo <work is my getaway for right now! sad>
; Majority Of The People In My School Are Overly Dramatic irritating.
Friday, I missed two good movies.
Hail stones, thunder and lightening, wooo getting
open window and heating blanket
I'm ready for tonight! It's gonna be fun! ;)
Dhoov74 taylor_bove5 can u guys just txt and not take up the newsfeed or whatever on here
BrinaBina ughh you're getting old! Which means I'M getting old >.<
nickyviper Lol I'm a Lil
Through the good an bad ill stay by your sidelove.
Why is the exit for N 183 from N I35 always backed up no matter what time of day.
Heading to airport. Again couldn't sleep but God is good & this is a good day
J_Sandubrae do. country boy can't even get the lyrics right
Good Morning Beautiful People
maryjblige I can't wait to get your new album tomorrow.
o my soul will praise the Lord. Let all that is within me bless his holy name.
Omg breakingdawn is awesome cant wait to see part 2
Uugghghhhhhhhhsdrvf. I hate when I get a morning free and then get asked to do favors. I should just turn my phone off... irritated.
Looking forward to pumpkin pie and whipped cream tomorrow!! What a wonderful holiday to spend with great friends
random: I love erin_flynn17 MCarroll33 wizKELLYffa qbrennan12 LeslieMMartin Capierno :) love CUASeniors
SAGINAW...They LOVE'n tha CREW!!!
In other news... My jogging bottoms r getting to big for me n keep dragging under my daps
I gotta say, going 0-10 against the West this year makes me sick. One of the biggest blackmarks on Rider history.
Baby I'm ready!!!
I cuddled with my flour baby all night. lonely :\
Boy meets world didn't come today! I could cry!
Waiting on an important email!
Woke up to the worst new ever.
Only4 days left until Christmas break!
playing my christmas present
Water for Elephants with the parents! I love family time<3 happy :)
you may be done.. but I'm trying to study.
I Hate When My Mom Argues With Me About Gays.. I Mean Seriously It's Time To Accept That Your Daughter Is Lesbian.. ( not me ) !/:<
Just sitting under a tree, finished my cup of tea- only to find a big, drowned spider at the bottom!
JustWil23 let's have a quick convo, 6 more tweets for 450!
Fina be I wanna see you
Sometimes I feel like I'm alone in this big world smh nd
bouta make something to eat , then go outside with my lameee neighbors ! happy (;
Gutted I have to wait till Sunday to see my girl. Agh Imissyousomuch :(
brittyhillmann I'm so tires but my mind won't stop
Hope that I feel better soon this shit is really
Rolling in curry sauce
< the people who were once strangers then turned into family.
Obviously if someone is being short with you they don't want to talk
Penis gang+7L's UP NEVA DOWN
Guess I'll be lonely and die with 27 cats huh? :o
Let's all get excited
Ready to move this week
I want and need some coffee, considering DjoyceV to go to twoforjoycoffee
And so slipping on ice begins
brittrivers... coopbaker is allowed to hate teddy bears, but not mine. Cause my teddy is my 1 man!
yes!!!! I passed all my clases(; proud(;
Devil Wears Prada is on
I am such a good citizen
The shit people do for money is just
Dajha just say n e thang!
Getting this day over with, preparing for tomorrow, then it's feasting time
I really dnt wana be here anymore
andrea_pappin Had argument with now-retired TD on this-bit his tongue through career but time is coming when he wouldn't have had to
If things were easy to find ... They wouldn't be a find. Take time to find the love you deserve.
As if some guy actually just flashed his lights and waved at me, just because I have the same car as him.
leahanderson_ can't believe you weren't at aj's last night
Catching up on my greysanatomy eps. jessewilliams_ haven't seen much of you in put me in coach.
I need a boyfriend
katrina_jane1 big megmack and I swag round wifff ma dr dre top and trackie wbu?
I now remember why I don't like to stay home more than a few days at a time.
Made it to the library
I cant wait to go to Florida for spring break
Seriously? Come o Johnny's to show to guys off and neither of you are here. MAC_BABI 2COPE2
come on 3:30
Wow.. every song. That reminds me of you is playing..
Can't freaking sleep
Anti-diarrhea meds for Black Friday
ICE AGE 3 IS ON LATER GUYS!
Ready for the weekend.
my brother will not leave me alone...
Am I the only person who DOESN'T like Girl With the Dragon Tattoo?
It's hard to do a group project when one person doesn't bring their part..
Jstate 31 Alcorn 0
_MrSims you never rang me you are a shit' friend :( I could be on deaths doors for all you know!
Your wife loves you.! (:
Can't wait for Thankgiving .. But can't wait for BlackFriday shopping :)
GeeShitBaby JenRenaeGee  ok cousin now KEEP that job!
Okay..I can't lie to myself. I'm definitely not over you.
God im sick of people
coriixlynn ariannax777 you're both
F.Y.I i know how to make cupcakes w out burning a house down-_-
SMOOTH_Iam CJCoolAss same here bruh been there for nigga thru good an bad times
Air2zeu de l'équipe Noctanbulls nous prépare un sacré truc
Is finally gonna study some Arabic.
First real game tonight. (:
going to bed, gonna fall asleep to polar express. <3
Lets not wait until the new year, to do what we can in the now year.
I hope everyone has had a very happy thanksgiving :-) I'mverythankfulthisyear
Hey Motorola & Verizon, why does my Droid Razr not recognize it's in a dock using the Motorola High Gloss silicone cover?
one month until christmas eve!
TheOperaGhosts without a doubt music of the night! Really anything that has raminkarimloo singing in it!!
When it comes to this month's Spielbergs, I'm Team KindaBoth and Team KindaNeither.
32 days till Christmas!
Getting this over with!
Great things might be coming my way ;) excited :)
girl snacking on her carrot in class: CHEW WITH YOUR MOUTH CLOSED. god
Hating breezy bitches right about now..
Very upset that Costco doesn't carry soups in microwaveable cans, how am I supposed to bring soup to work?! CostcoTweets
TheDennisReedJr Cuzo u n maryakimble kilt the lord is high above the heavens
STOP PIRACY RTfiflinks: Am I the only person that can't download full traxx off of my bb? Nxa!
Watching a troll in central park on vhs
Today was a wierd but good day !! :)
Mes crepes sont trop bonnes!
Boy ova here looking like the nigga from cop out
late night calls with mattchew
Finding a hotel for the night.
Best friend is home!!!
I cannot believe that in 2011 we are still stuck in blame the victim re sexual harassment.
jwyattsports glennonsports davidclimer All pick against the Titans today
tomaro at 12 30 will determine this bball year for me
I didn't have a tweet from motiffmusic :'( I'm
ik mis je nog steeds, elke dag een beetje meer ! never forget you
Hope i didnt lose the one person i tell everything to
I love Christmas movies and Christmas music AND CHRISTMAS EVERYTHING!!!!
SaturdayLoafin Making Christmas cookies with PattyG12 & hangin with the sissy MisssCrysss 2Nite  
proceeds to online shop :) yayyyyyy
BennLeworthy people are freaks! he done nothing, how
ThingsINotice when I'm typing and someone is over my shoulder watching me.
Travel Planning: Chinese Porcelain City of the World This article will inform the reader about the famous city of Jingdezhen
Nothing quite like the first sip of a cold can of coke on a hangover day.
Keep.finding packets of cold relief capsules discarded around the house.
Good night last night
oh...so andre was only there for a day?
Ooooh,ting a bit of my new novel idea
Thinking what life is going to be like waking up in charlotte
Today is my first day of work at academy!
2 jobs = knakering all be worth it for Napa :)
lol he gave me money
I waited all day to talk to her, but only got 48mins :/! Is their something wrong?
i cant stand lagggers my nigga .
FREAKY FRIDAY IS ON
Yep, Dad is wearing a tshirt and jeans to a wedding.
In a bad mood already today and my boss tells me he didn't think I was in today so now I have to go in the flipping coffee house annoying!
il y a de bonne suggestion a la demande .
Mustard on my corndogs
There's so much to be thankful for and today shouldn't be the only day that your thankful for everything you have! Always
I swear this is the longest red light.
ThatAllieeGirl what am I ? Chop liver ; tell me I'm HOT too :(
Stupid fucking mistakes, all I want is to finally be good
ClairePearson31 that isn't even a question. Cute apartment over nasty house anyway excited!
t0nym0rtimer aaah, can't wait!!!!
U had my trust but u blew it by wat uve been doing -___-
No school today YESSS!
Reading 'The Blessed Life' by Robert Morris. Seriously good stuff. Praying for a heart change :)
RossyAnna36 Hello!   How are you? Today is my birthday. :) i have 15 years...i'm young. Can you follow me? Thank you Belieber! Love <3
Who you really are is enough. ~Oriah Mountain Dreamer depression self-esteem
russellsmithuk Hahahahaha THANK YOU MAN!! =)) Means a lot coming from another Dancer. We are trying to set up MORE shows in England.
Just because everyone likes Adele doesn't mean every team has to have a shitty dance to two of her popular songs...
i wish millie was here, i need someone to cuddle with
!!!!!RT JetLife72: Nikkas can't study fa shyt but dey damn sho know how to quote a wayne or drake song
I mean it happened to happen right?
5000 voor baby xSharoonD en huisgenoot AlishaQuinty <3 <3 <3 love!
I haven't been at my dads for like 3 weeks and the 1st time I come over all it is, is bitching. So happy I moved out
katiekaym love it... They don't have allsups in cstat 
Yay kfcnz  for dinner tonight!
it would rain just as I'm about to go out the fucking house
Western  vs. Cypress bay  
DrCoursaris redcrew fosternonomo wish I could be with you. I know Daniel will hit it out of the park.
Where there is great love there are always miracles. ~ Willa Cather.
RannvijaySingha i know im irritating but can't help it LOVEÜ <3
Piled in a van with nicole_gartland RachelSchaller mattcreviere13... Jacys driving us to culvers... worried :)
justinbieber Can u Follow An Argentinian Belieber Like Me?? ProudOfYou Love.
LeahLBielby I did start crying in the card shop though so had to leave immediately!! embarrassing xxxx
up snackin on dippers & a ice cold pepsi . coffee brewin , & my qranny finna qet started on dhis breakfast . LOVE .
Why my car making that damn noise
Picking up friend from the airport
The sun is finally shining.
Don't take anyone or anything for granted. Granted can always be taken away. Be thankful.
Top top of the morning s/o to everybody out to make something happen rise&grind ... Thankful &
less than 48 hours til i see my best friends after 4 months and a month
Yaaaaay just got home and my nephew birthday package came today.... Haha it is going to drive _SugarDumplin_ crazy
summer is for being single school year is for having a girlfriend
BLACKFRIDAY deals are great!! Got my Cricut expression 2!! Can't wait till Xmas when I can finally use it!!!!!
Fuck_Wendys the little kids were laughing at me because I was running from him crying .. Can you say
I need another job with flexible hours.
Once again、I want a girlfriend,
The office has actually been funny lately.
Man, idk about them contestants, they keep running their mouth!
Get to decorate my Christmas tree today !
Bonang_M watching flash just to see u, you've beeeeeeeeeen rocking it
Die clip van DjagaDjaga_  en BroertjeGrrGang and chivv is wel nice man
Dear smokers in the school parking lot, do you think you're cool hiding behind cars and smoking every morning? Well, you're not.
God, you gave me breath in my lungs and awoke my heart today.
ICANDEIQUEEN had to take a break! My tl was starting to resemble my fb ANNOYING lol
Ready to spend time with my family 
Thankful for miracles, I know one his name is Pete and he's my brother in law! God's got big plans for you my bro!
just orderd some clothes from ColeenRoo range
It wouldn't be Christmas without mamma's gingerbread
Gavin and Stacey double last night, and again tonight! I thought Christmas was on the 25th?!?!
Army, Navy, Marine, Air Force & Coast Guard thank you to all who serve, have served and will serve in the future.  Much love.<3.
My favourite shoes are being held hostage by a cobbler who opens after I have to be at work and closes before I can get home.
I would kill him if I didnt need him.
finals bring out something different in me.
I love the smell of thanks giving in the kitchen
GreysonFact: Greyson said he loves Indonesia. :)
May friends na ko sa 4a9! :D
That early nights done me good,
cigarette in the rain  by randy crawfordhappy#
Chickpea011 You can surprise me! I can't wait...
Me and these Krispy Cream Donuts right B4 class
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.  - Marcus Aurelius
Blessed to see another day
Cant believe tomorrow is Thanksgiving already!
I have more numbers in my iPhone than I do music
LordByronIL thankfully, the insurance I have will cover a cleaning and consult.  after that, heaven knows
my floor better win this deck the halls competition
Man I had no idea Burger King's fries was this BOMB! Excited:)
Just had such a funny phone call with a certain someone! ;-) ahahahaha. HAPPY!
Still in my mind
Some people just don't know how to be parents an its
First day at work was soo good.
i gotta pee real bad but have no desire to get up...
Life isn't as bad as I thought.
oomf is sucha hoe now ! :O
It's better to be happy than to be mad that's why I no longer give a fuck.
Wow I can't believe I can care so much for one person n they pretty much Dnt give 2 shits about Yu! Smh I have to my h of a big heart.
tinucherian constructive expenditure is seldom a common sense but never a political sense.
Never knew what I was missing...
Ma Lil Bros Be Up All Nite Playin Da Game
I think I better start gettn a 2nd, 3rd, 4th Job LOL 2012 - Has A LOT Goin On!!! EXCITED :-)
Thanking the Lord for waking me up this morning & adding another yr to my life :)
Ghetto ass neighbors need to stfu.. forreal
Just finished Practice, performance is in 30 min
Wow I can't believe it's only 12 more days to Christmas
<<WELL EDUCATED MOMMA AIN'T RAISE NO FOOL
I can't wait for the day That I look at you & feel absolutely nothing!
This is it, the mother of all fridays , c u next year work
Its going to be a fun Friday night
Got an eyelash in my eye
Almost drowned in her pussy so i swam to her butt??? DF ?! Disgusting!!
Waitrose interview in half an hour
“LowKeyNino Nothing like being surrounded by Love”
Waitin for dah bae to get off
Lying on the floor
Baby don't give up on me.
I wish i knew what it was!
Am I the only one getting the vibe that new generations in Delaware are getting trashier and trashier?
johnnay81 still waiting for that tbh kid!
richardmarx I wish to be there tonight! It is so soul satisfying listening to you singing live! Good luck Richard! Bulgarian love :)
Material queen finaleee :O
relationships - Love, not through obligation but choice. You may think you're fooling your partner but you're only fooling yourself.
That lil nap was definately
Fact Dis was not my month....
People who change in bad  ways.
mnshinkle damn santa impersonator got me everytime! :(
Paulturner1986 love u so much, you are SO amazing, wish I had a boyfriend like u... So funny:) you are the voice of holland for me! love 1
Had a delicious Thanksgiving dinner for lunch at work AND my awesome husband is playing at the Ryman Auditorium 1st time tonight.
modelme_lisha y'all are gonna have a good time. Plus it'll be thanksgiving
For every little itty bitty thing thats been done in my life
why are 1D such perfection?
She was his Mary J. While he was her Duece after a yr of loving and trusting he ended up Marrying and doin what he said he had to do..
Now... To whipstitch these 16 crocheted cupcakes together to make one damn cute scarf. Dear twinkiechan, your book is amazeballs. :)
Its been a whole week since ive played xbox.
timeline won't load
travvyyovoxo ya mother got this big gap, 6 teeth missing.
cosmic bowling manana :D excited!
Glee Christmas just puts you in the Christmas mood everytime
LoladaGr8 //i really hvnt lost i wish_bt tht made b cuz tht mf b havn me on my toez...in watchn edthg sad lol
The level of maturity most kids have in the 6-9th grade makes me worry about the future of this country.
Show No Love. That Shit'll Get You
something wrong with my fuckin cellphone :(
The camera I want is on sale 4 $78??? That joint was JUST $129 no lie! happy! ;-).
I'm done being nice and doing stuff for people. Nobody seems to appreciate it.
Filling out job applications
jordanniwa UM YES!!! Let me know and I will seriously clear all my plans so i can see you!!!!
Wish I had the missus to cwtch with right now
ESPN cut to commercial to the tune of squirm
Chips, ketchup, salad, grilled fish.....infact the whole works for dinner and not forgetting my purewater too!
Last day of 3d design :(
It really brightens my day when you see someone doing well and smiling because you've seen them at there worst and crying.
I love being able to sleep in again :)
KelsyMarie3 go ahead it's worth it. You're obsessed. annoying :)
after school imma grind up on him boy show em how i ride ;) lol
itzzzclaireee sillygilly57 I would expect this from Catie but not you two.
ahj When I listened to the show this morning I thought at first you were going IN the jungle!
The nba lockout ending is the best christmas gift I could ever ask for! Most excited to see carmeloanthony kill it this year<3 :)
My cohort across from office is just f'ing NASTY!! I thought he crapped his pants on the last two gas pockets he let out.
Ugh. I would get a B in my easy class. On the upside, I got A's in my hard classes. But still...a B?
Gunna be a good night hopefully...
I hate waking up feeling like I have to pee..
Computers at uni are a disgrace. So slow its unreal.
If you open a door, CLOSE IT. It's not rocket science.
can't wait till tommorow.
God's love conquered all my fears....
RIPJoeManning I know we were all so mean to you when you the last few days you were at school, but you were a good guy.
HernandezAylin ; Well We Were Going Out When He Made It , But Since He Gave It To Me .... I Think He Does (; Because I Know I Do <3' Love.
Turkey Trot race with my mom and cousins (: happythanksgiving
sallymilly89 omg I no!!! Can't bloody wait
In bed watching Gavin+Stacey
I can't believe I'm leaving to see baby boo get married... Feels so weird. EXCITED!
bellsbeachbabe HAHAHAHHAHA, yea i saved the videos from the mac and put it on my computer .. SURPRISE!! :D
why am I awake.
When will I ever learn
when they just don't talk to you anymore....
Shopping in london tomorrow...don't mind if I do!
Off day in chorus.
leavealighton3 Oooh no. :-( How are each of you coping now?!
Madison_DeLuca I'm so pumped I can't wait
Lady Gaga won't be at the AMAs.
Can't wait to change my lip ring...Anxious : D
Twitter has changed my very being
I want to go home... so badly... I miss my bed, my room, my fridge, gah 3:
candaceshaw the one that came today was disturbing! Wut up with the barely 18 y/o barely dressed in front of the stairs?
Just ate 2 cheeseburgers and fries.
I tried my hardest, but I just can't do it
Just found the perfect black dress ever!!...Party Friday!..
Good lord people blow up about shit for no fuckin reason.
mad_kat1000 I'm glad you can tweet but not text back.
I wish this girl pay attention and quit asking me where we at...
Fam should be on there  way up happy af
bhogleharsha in past couple months v have lost legends....
I always have a nose spot on my cup of coffee's cover. disgust :)
My parents are on a date, my sister and her boyfriend are on a date. i feel oh so lonely.
Ohhh. New episode of beyond scared straight tomorrow :)
rep wiskunde 9.2
I LOVE THE SMOKERS/DRUNKS/BUMS @ THE LIQUOR STORE...I FUX WITUM...$, HUGS N KISSES EVRYTIME.
this conversation WAS interesting but now.....
Tomorow, soberissexy season 2 out!!!!! Are you ready guys ?!?!
justinbieber UnderTheMistletoe is the most AMAZING album everrr ! I'm addicteeedddd <3 Greatjob proud  6
Oh quit being so dramatic, or atleast take all your drama somewhere else!
Can not wait to get my new crimper and straightner!!
About to go under the knife
Gym then back to work after 3 days off
Frankfort is officially getting a buffalo wild wings!
checked out. dr. appoint. fml embarrassing.
Them motherfuckers didnt have the Dres !
haterade1992 but it lasted all day today!
<3 my crazy family :)
Heading to Maryland for the weekend!
colts are starting Painter again this week? It's official, they're tanking.
my phone made the twitter noise but i didnt get a tweet disappointed :(
instead of black & white or nightstorm, I'll be spending my Saturday with kirstenhoffmann making Christmas cookies
Besides da fact dat my feelins r hurt..
justinbieber I remember when u performed U Got It Bad with your leafs shirt, now look at you! proud!! :)
R.I.P Grandmas Jessie STINSON & LeLoa SHORES & Granddads Arthur STINSON & Melvin SHORES HAPPY THANKSGIVING I MISS & LOVE YOU SO MUCH
Bout to listen to sum new/unreleased luck
My oh my I miss you, let's talk everyday and be bestfriends again. You come home in two weeks and I haven't seen you since summer..
U know what the things that make me happy and r the best memories r spending times w my baby & having thanks for unwinding on a weds
Quietest weekend in a longtime
3: 15 please hurry so I can see him <3.
I can't do it anymore.
Just got an iPad 2!!!!!
thankful fer everything and everyone
Wish I could eat breakfast food for every meal
How could I ignore you or change you, who is so beautiful? You stole my breath. It was worth it. Astronomy.
WHY show up on time for doctors appointments? I've been waiting half an hour in a room!
ashleydazel and taylorknoles bad idea to follow you
Two Thanksgiving meals in one day?
finally on my way home
Feeling so much love this time of year!
ehh my parentals forever tlkn bout wht i did wrong in the summer w/my ex. sheesh. i knw i fckd up. goodness crucify me dammnn. so
Be punctual- its sexy
Got my first package from a friend back home :)
Have to set my alarm 15 mins earlier to wake up and warm my car..
The floor is more comfortable than my bed..
Treating myself to a pedicure before dance was the best idea ever
Wrestling practice at 9 In the morning? Are you seriouse?
Shut the hell uppp!
DavethePitt iaingillett lol u would of actually seen me in a vile state in a hotel in Liverpool! Much more fun!!
Got a tuft in my hair and it won't go down!
Tofu that's gone bad is probably the most atrocious thing I've ever seen
i need money but dont get paid till friday ):
I didn't think wine could get you that drunk after drinking a bottle of it
why can't you just understand  that when i cant do something cuz of my parents it usually doesn't change..
I love going to bed with a smile on my face :)
oliviamccauley dont go n peak times and tiz grand. We wer der last year! Unreal! Why not? I want ye 2 cum down :(
Hahah going down town in a hour.!!!!
lunch and such makes me and Emily_Kathryn1 in a good mood. (:
November is flying by so quick.. Haven't even wrote my xmas list yet
25fils loll! Thought it's a new place opening up.
About 3 More Hours Til I Reach New York!!
I want a CODY SIMPSON DOLL. Haha.. 14 years old and still loves dolls. CodySimpson
LittleMixOffic Soo happy for you girls well done. officialtulisa you are doing a great job with these girls, all credit to you all.
i need my life back. lonely.
JenniferEvans12 I feel that! Wish it wound never end!!!
JGaunty good movie. Leo not looking at his best though
no one honors the phrase brosbeforehos anymore....
one more day till christmas break
I love the 25 days till christmas on abc family!!!
delaware state asks alot of question on criminal backround -__-  i dont likee this one bit
JessicaxMorin I didn't know people slept on road trips
Papers over papers over papers...
justinbieber are the only singer who makes me out of his music so bad moments and much more, I love you! follow me?
BryceVatileni87 Tel me abut it
Bout to go see the lights!
Just applied to edukids....gah! I hope I get it.
I can't get this bloody Samba share to work with an external drive! Grrrr!
danwalkerbbc eh? December? What happened to November? Don't I get a birthday anymore? I wasn't consulted.
I wonder if I'll be telling you at the right time? D:
Yesterday was a wonderful day of God and family... It doesn't get any better than that here on earth my friends!
pretty disappointed, of the years in high school this is what i lack the most
lut0baby I'm soo excited! :D
I feel your grace every day. Thank you.
rage_abc  another great rage... gotta get up early (ish - for an artist!) tomorrow... hate that!
Once a liar always a liar.
Sooooo oomf ain't got nun else better to tweet than Drake lyrics
Uncle coming home soon
I think I should just stop talking to certain people.
No one cares what your gpa is like congrats you got good grades tell your mom not Facebook
I think it's funny how I can talk to you about anything but that
JoshuaEGomez I hope you know how much you've all meant.  --> No sir, thank YOU (& the Chuck cast & crew)! u guys make us so VERY happy.
Really tempted to unfollow a buncha people.
I seriously dont like the good feeling song by flo rida
Taking a nap before this anti hazing meeting
Leave for QLD tomorrow night on the boat. Long drive up but should be awesome trip
praying that my friend gets out of the hospital soon!!
justinbieber... 15 Million!! Uppiie!!!!! I can't believe it! You were born in a small town and now this with all the followers ...
can't take my earing out
twthomas214 yo props to my mom Im driving with my dad going to get her bmw that's alread fixed 38 hour
Had my first bad mood for exactly a month today, feeling wicked again now though, got loads to look forward too aswell
throat well hurts
i only got 977 tweets
Can we please move on to announcing the winner of the Awards? Please?
i have a feeling that finding a prom dress for prom this year isn't going to be easy
Can't believe the 2 Argos's where I live had absolutely nothing onedirection left...
Happy Birthday to my brotha from another mother TreySongz wishing u continued success!!
your tweets make me want to shoot you..
A true lover isn't  afraid to tell the truth even when he knows he'll get nothing but shit in return
“BreakingNews: Philippine flood death toll rises to 652, 808 others missing - Red Cross via AP”  prayers  to all victims of
are you too stupid to realize how stupid you look?
you just make me smile no matter how tired i'am
Even though LupeFiasco still got his baby teeth lol he's YUMMY to me :)
sister brought me lunch yesterday
Super Excited For soccer season ! Today we picked captains and ate Pizza and Hungout (: Excited !
Versace and Prada make the worst cologne
Andy Townsend said the pitch is lively, well the crowd certainly aren't!!
mcduh yeah but not b4 someone needs to cop an apology for smearing good work of social workers, quakers, and others.
How yu chew wit cha mouth open and smack ? wtfff Annoying!
Finally leaving Batesville and my 4S is ordered!
cassidysophia1 Jenna_Koppy Steve279 Friday night we are all hanging out, we are going to do something badass so be ready
Bringing joy to the elderly done.. Now to get ready for Cabaret...
drewryniewicz Every time you go on USTREAM I come in just when you're getting off :(
69 days until the diva's birthday!!
Truly have amazing people in my life! Thankful :)
I hope that you catch me, cause I've already fallen
Ah London. Those sweet melodic bursts of police siren interspersed with soulful gunshot solos.
Time to breathe and count my blessings :)
When bitches don't text back
mcbain letting us use notes during our test...
Did 50 Pushups in a Handstand Position STRAIGHT PROUD :D
house is decorated for christmasss :)
My parents just wont leave me alone tonight
Last night I fell over on Sonnydigital and I was all the way sober!
I've found that every child doubts their abilities; that's not the problem. The problem is when adults doubt their abilities.
jerichosuave08 we took lotsa candy, and got a large popcorn. Even food cant help this right now lol
Happy hour + Taco Bell
Hanging kiley Chris and Lexi bout to go driving
There are approximately 5 trees left in our condo complex after the landscapers finished.
Is there a short- haired house frou yenta convention in town this morning?!!!!!!
palacecoffee is the perfect ending to tonight!
Merienda at 21 with mom and dad
Back at work frm my vacation. Ugh!! & one simple thing can ruin my whole day... Irritated :\
UncontrolaBLU3 NoblePharaoh01 ain't no feeling like being dead tired on the track and having grandma power walk past you
Watchmen 2 could be in the works! :D excited!!!!!
orodee Furusky I have always been here...shey we follow on twitter not lead
You know what would be nice? IF I COULD HEAR!!
I hate when me n adrii kiss people always assume We gay. ..We was brought up that way
Watchin Chass2Beautiful play the 360 is like a 3 yr old tryin to do Algebra.....
BeattieDoug how humbling are the awards on itv but everyone who puts themselves in that position deserves one proud x
Not sure when my great day took a turn 2 emotional hell! About 2 get out a bit right now & refocus on all that I have to B so THANKFUL 4!
Yay yay yay yay :)
just saw my mention
Going to Commerce Outlets today...shopping.
DaniNopanties inventory at my store is on march 22. I'll have to work that entire week.
Da0g3ny wow tell them to step their game up
Gray Turner from sigma Chi is adorable!
I mean I lay her down she sleep
it seems like stuff like this only happens to me
hate studying....and crazy bitches
Well it's been real highlights
jshibley13 im just hurt that uve known me for 3 years and i was forgotten. how long u no joegibbons10 CJRehbaum31 ??
Fell flat on my face at work,
I have no friendly on Battrick tomorrow =
The dumb dolphins beat their own ass.
I mean,I appreciate her thinking of me but I mean really..why would you even ask that
Morning tweeps......its a Beautiful day.
Hallelujah to Imlikeolive who wore tights for the first time today :)
In relationships, if you male ur bed, be willing enough to lie in it.
Hey lakers....way to Fuck up. No Howard. No CP3.....wow. embarrassed.
thatawkwardmomentwhen you pass someone in the hall and you don't know what to say because nothing you say changes how you feel
Tattoo booked for next Sunday :D
Omg! Yay! My teacher has a speaker who lived during the great depression in class today! excited historynerd :D
Cori_Rogina that was the grossest power bar thing if you can even call it that Ive ever eaten. Wtf do you eat!
I guess I'm getting the cold shoulder? Well, goodnight everybody.
When people go to the bathroom but don't wash their hands...
Let's shred. Shredding at this point of time is good for health.
you don't need to post ALL of your exam grades on facebook....no one cares. so stfu or i'll delete you as a friend.
BTW, I sent TheNeedsOfMany another email. Hopefuly I'm not getting too personal here!
En route to see THE most awesome hugger in the world...it's Benjamin_JG !!!!!!!!!
So, I might be going to Finland on Monday? Wow.
I fuckin hate toll free calls >:/ they wont stop calling !
People are so thick headed it's ridiculous
AlexEckhout George Harrison: Living in the Material World, on BBC2 tonight.
No really why is cartoons playing on syfy? I'm really confused I wanna see guts and gore I get glitz and giggles
Good days are the best!
lyssnowak hate that I didn't see you once today, and your not gonna be in tomorrow.
tonight is really not my night.
Rec basketball my heart is melting<3
Having to wake up early to get a good spot at cyber.
Happy Tweet:  To be wildly successful,  you need to be utterly fearless - and kind too.
sick on the plane.
It's been nice spending time with my family, but I need a break! Love them but
I feel like my neighbors always have fiestas and block our driveway..
I've been sitting in my dorm by myself for three hours.  
If only my laptop charger worked
I hate how some people call me Elena. My name is HELEN. dammit. Not Elena.
Christmas lights everywhere:) I love this time of year <3
My hard disk has been cleaned & arranged. = ) Finally, I've more free space n hard disk. = )
the boys in my englisy class are
someone told me today I'm one of the most interesting people they've ever met :)
Ecouter «Gone too soon» de Simple Plan avant de dormir c'était pas l'idée du siècle
Had my callbacks today... Cast list posted Monday:x
i have no friends. sad.
Last JCC performance was definitely the best! So glad that katyqueeen & Uncle Frank could be there! :) blessed beyond measures.
hope I didn't do anything wrong
Bagels n yummy hot chocolate :)  happy:)
tonight I'm gonna watch The Tree of Life
Wow texted again in my sleep
RacerDave23 I hate when the updates stop
Lil girl in the post office eyeing down young dude
i chose mine wisley im with JayNycole  and happy :]
You ALWAYS have something to say is always
there are people who i have no fucking idea why i follow. annoyed dontwanttohearyourdrama sorry :|
Cats won, Harry Potter weekend on TV, and a fun night ahead... Pretty good Saturday :)
Had a good day off doing nothing at all happy :)
i just fell down the stairs in front of my brothers friends ..
The fat hanging out of Jackies dress thoo!
My hair is deep conditioning... My body is detoxing and mind is clear.
ljhvs jeej 1 voor nederlands
so no one wants to talk??
I hate when people don't play fair!! Ugh
sarahmleong okay....sure. me too
Just finished making a delicious quinoa salad and I'm no longer hungry :(
Congratulations to Union, You guys did good KahlilBarnett10 ColebyEvans CrutchDaddy71 RicoSuave5050 youngquice6 GarronPresident
Lil sis & bro moving n iron horse! NEIGHBORS n shit!
WHEN YOU LOOK UP THE LYRICS TO A SONG SO YOU CAN SING ALONG AND THERE'S SOME ANNOYING ADVERTISEMENT PLAYING ON THE WEBSITE.
Je bent lief!
this is so much more frustrating than it should be.
Yes its the weekend and im planning on spending with the babe
I think I'm just as excited as katlynjean is :)
Only i eat frozen yogurt when It's freezing out side<3 :) love.
Saw my first christmas commercial
DE NIEUWSTE HATER : moskababy <3 <3 <3
ihatealexwright I totally wanted you to as well.
New bern cookout floww love!
Bout to go hang w/ Kaylon , Livvv , and Deja :) excited .
Made a lite 105 2day just off tips
taylorswift13 concert tomorrow!!!! NYC!!! With the girls oxorach raex523 !! excited !!
can't wait for tonight
Anyone watching the New Orleans Bowl know the mascot for UL Lafayette? I need the announcers to say it a few more thousand times.
Now that my day is done, it is now time to prepare for other80,
I find myself cheering and giving a good whistle at the end of songs while in the car
Youngy54_ haha!! Imagine him on commentary :o headache annoying lol
Some ppl need 2 stop b'ing fake bitches
ClarkJudgeCBS - did we do something nasty to someone? So much promise gone to the scalpel. :(
Sometimes I forget to open my eyes and realise how lucky I am for having the people I have in my life. Wouldn't have it any other way.
Bring Me The Horizon - It Never Ends.
Wish I was out tonight getting drunk & pulling some shapes. But instead I'm sitting doing two 1500 word reports
my family has the tenancy to get wasted during
YOU'RE BIPOLAR.
lilmeg171 getting your braces off??
How radical the transformation, if the entirety of mankind knew and accepted just how much God loves them…no matter what.
drama all over my dash
parents really know how to push your buttons......anger.
There must be more to life than having everything.
OMG i'm so HAPPY! I'm going to have my own performance on 9th desember and I will get money for it, haha!
I really feel like this Friday is gonna feel like the best day of my life. Why? Because I will be DONE with my stupid psych class!
pissed I made my lunch on chicken noodles soup day -___-
Non le zouglou c'est mal chic !! Ah Babi me manque vraiment...
so not ready for my exams and ive been studying all day
Photo shoot tomorrow morning!!!!
michelle doesn't trust me with passwords . ohh okaayy .... </3 . hurt .
Watching Elf and sucking on a candycane!
It's rare to find films where the original is better, cheaper by the dozen is not one.
Really wish that this was my last day, but it's not... :(
Wat was his point ugh
I had a bad day so AgreeablyBizarr is allowing me to slap the shxt out her to make me feel better
Been an amazing past 2 days, got my grades up, got my iPad, and drake cd
Today definitely didn't go as I planned..
The smell of mens cologne
bethyros the question is where are you?!
mi collage quedo muy bonito
I said all of that for nothing
Damn there's to many advert on channel 5!
Ready to get my phone on Christmas day because I haven't texted someone in 25636311379053653 years
MY ROOMMATE WOULD FUCKING PULL OUT SOME GOD DAMN MAC AND CHEESE
Gotta' be more careful with my phone around others.
Reading 'the going' by thomas hardy! A little
To all the people who support me
Sometimes I think true love doesn't exist anymore . . . Then I see an elderly couple holding hands #<3
Wow....! I'm actually having a pretty good day.....!! happy: Wow....! I'm actually having a pretty good day.....!!
Nothing beats the cold water in long Lamai and BA 'Lai....
We actuallY do argue like werE n a relationship...!
Not a good morning
I want it to be next weekend! katieryanXO krystalknopf neverestmusic Srank87 JustineBaker86 CMC_WhosArmy danlbd hohmannkyle
I wanna get a tattoo during this break but I'm
At O2 ready for hours and hours of tennis - can life get better?
Viens d'enchaîner, barrés, plus accords ouverts, tout ça à fond.
I did so good today
itsbigmike3 well I'm happy for you :) but I can't walk at all and my knee is so swollen!
Confession: i hug my pillow like it's ab actual person when i sleep.
Gonna go chill with Kenzie
Imma kick your ass if you don't stop bothering me
Thesis. Mixing. Thesis. Baking. Thesis. Frosting. I think this process is going to work!
first ever episode of scrubs love!
Love how my dad think he's griping to me when I left the room 10 minutes ago
Let the countdown begin...we are now 2 days 13 hours 19 min and 15 sec away from the midnight premiere of Breaking Dawn Part 1!
Double standards between housemates =
This week is going great so far and it's just gonna keep getting better
EMPLOYMENT IS MINE ONCE AGAIN relieved and
Just bought a piece of white felt to make my own Gigginstown scarf in time for
-I havee to pee.
4 days left for SSSRU! :O
Can already tell this week is gonna be cray!
Jesus is so good! You keep helping me Lord!
i feel like the worlds on its period everyones being so mean today.
I dont shre many things with people this one thing I wanted too smh
WoW what a gorgeouS reLaxing daY this iS sun is shining winD is blowinG ppL are happy. . .ahhhhh
Less than 3 weeks till christmas
The Amanda show is on!!!!
Breaking Dawn on fri. :)
Pop Up Video isn't over yet but so far, the playlist sucked.
Made it home safely..
there is something wrong in almost every single stall in the women's washroom at the UC
Got a fancy bottle of wine last night at dinner and what do I do? I knock over a full glass...onto my husbands lap!
-- Good night, you lovely people!! Sweet dreams.
I KNOW that girl be stalking my Twitter. . Lmfaoooo!
Muh twitter ain't working rite :(
What the hell is wrong with the falcons!!
Haven't finished all of my homework
Hey colts.. You gotta try and keep the other team out of the endzone.
Dental Hygiene Here I go!
looking out for whereswallaby wannu be the first to tweet,
Something everyone desires.. an intense feeling of deep affection.
I am so looking forward to my massage tomorrow. My Hamstrings and my Hips are on fire. My body needs Love.
Feel so christmasey when o I drive past London zoo and see the raindeer!!
Remember you are love, & all situations that surround you are still filled with love no matter how turbulent they may feel.
“sydsalt8: I hate when my eyes are so tired and wanna sleep but my body isn't” HAPPENING RIGHT NOW
missjackson_xx Drake same, doubt there will be any tickets left :( and xmas is the worst month for money aswell. bad times :(
xtinareckard omg sis!! Gewt job
Well done to KOL for there Grammy Award nomination..!! Well in there lads..!! doctorfollowill matfollowill youngfollowill and Caleb
CarolineConboy hahah its the only locker i know the combo
When guys have a backward snapback or fittted onn it automatically makes them 10xhottter
I admire the Person I am becoming & I want this energy to rub off into all of your lives.
To day is a day you give thanks!  But I give thanks every day  Cuz every time I wake up I'm....   thankful !!!
My dad's just said he wants eyebrows like Kaboul
ahhh shit just realized life sucks now... fall season lacrosse is over :(
My dad shouldn't have told me he got me the iPhone, now i'm to ready to get off work.
ScottyMcCreery your going to Disney at the wrong time....every time i go the next month you go. :( Sadness ugh #####
I Hate that I ask something and anyone answer me!!! -.-'
don't want come in not wearing uniform on wednesday because of panto, when everyone else is wearing uniform:(
I'm the babysitter not you so back off
_LeToya_N_ I won a blackberry torch guy!
Its funny how the only reason you text me is because you need something...
Did Fulton County really have to give us school next week?
jeborgges  *--------------------*  catch side k , tanto tempo que não escuto eles *--* . love love '
justinbieber Why don't we think tht this days gonna be special for evrybody, So we try to hv a role in making their day special!
mariagholland only got you that CD so I could burn it later. goodfriend borrowitbeforethanksgiving?
Mrka Mariću nešto mlatara rukama happy:)
Why tf do people play games on there phone with the volume all the way up.
It sounded like an alien just blasted thru my door !
I can't help but smile, because of him
Got my ihop breakfast. Now it's go time.
Signs of dilapidated American manufacturing absolutely litter the railway's scenery going through upstate NY
Olive garden with the fam... Waitress is struggling hardcore
I actually got up and showered and got dressed today =)
Woke up feeling great . Everything is better than before and I am truly blessed , it might not be thanksgiving but I am truly
Yayyy lights up in the senior hallways!
Goddamn Greenpeace workers stopping everyone on mainstreet to ask for money.
rachelLterry everywhere is super crowded today! Why aren't people at work? Are they unemployed? And if so why are they shopping?
Just got offered a chicken heart in a restaurant !!
Watching Dollhouse while bboyprabu makes breakfast and the Tofurkey thaws out.
“cshadesofgreen: SO PROUD OF MY MAN! We are really out here doing the damn thing!” We need to celebrate! We're just one big family
Girl you a nobody wit nobody...
Bro banging on da door
sleepy--one exam to go!!
Dear god, thank you for making pain meds. I am very
EasyEthreE easily over 411 times!
U wanna call somebody cool but dnt b on ma shit all day
Up early for work. then I get to have Christmas with some of my family and Justan later. <3
Having a phab time with Asnat now watching Big Rich Texas
I made some good moves today
RizzleKicks 'mama do the hump' seems to be on constant reply recently
Lol, fakebook Facebook,, some will just never grow up!!!  addicted to drama
Watching Love Actually with miss Diskin!!! Perfect Sunday night in and homemade soup on the way!
Celebrating 12 wonderful years of marriage with the greatest woman, mother, wife and friend any man could ask for.
I have some really good news to tell everyone! But I can't just yet,
So my mom went to paulbrandt tonight and i found out he was playing yeg on twitter. Guess who the fan is.
thefactsoflife men are pigs
they should have had the justin bieber version of that song on the announcements
I'm not gonna lie, I'm kind of upset. A certain someone is making me feel sad.
12% is a lot of fuckin' late marks off if he does mark it late. Especially since I DIDN'T HAND IT IN LATE!!!!!
JimmyWayne Spent the day with my parents thinking about the kids who've never experienced what I have having them...
baruasteffie tha grave mental disease
Been spending a lot of time working on and thinking about my New Year Resolution list.
Sitting here watching Kung-Fu Panda, arrrr what is my life
Llandrindod Wells killer of a day! Glad to be home safe scary weather bad fog and rain. Birmingham tomorrow and rihanna friday :)
Some people are just in love with the idea of being in love.
DomSigns ugh 'honesty' and honestly we aren't illiterate like that tweet would imply!! Lmao
Jesus paid it all...
today was such a tiring day, but it was all worth it :)
Ugggggggh working late on Friday. I would take a $40K pay cut for a more predictable schedule.
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul. Judy Garland
New car album... Gorzilla - GreatestHits 01-11 from Bad Meets Evil - The Sequel
foronesecond YES!!!! You love it now?!?
Lord Jesus, please don't let it rain today. I want to go home.
27 days  21 hours & 59 minutes till Christmas (:
So tireddd!! You'd think will all the energy I consume through food I'd have plenty left, where does it all go :S?
Gonna go driving with my sister x) Nervous D:
can Joe Paterno's life get any worse
& this is the freaaaaken reason of why I drive everywhere cause I any stand sitting in the passenger seat!!!!!!
I need you to hold me tell me everything will be okay and that I can do it... <3
Nothing is ever the same after yo Big Mama dies :(
Dear black people 3 cubicles down from me, shut the fuck up. You're in a library. Sincerely everyone trying to do work.
Going out to dinner then YoZone <3
Breaking News: Ron Santo has been elected to the Hall of Fame, receiving 15 of 16 votes from Golden Era Committee.
Waiting on big Sean to do his thing...
Mufucka did a hit and run on a mother and 2 kids...
Don't get to see my family
just told him off for saying dumb ass shit like that...smh
No claire, no one cares about the stupid technical gymnastic terms
The fact that I lost weight this week that I ate more then usual shocks me
joannakcardenas be grateful to be in my bed with my bobo ...
MARIAHCAREY I LOVE YOU :D' Happy New Year and have a good christmas !! LOVE «4
Haven't straightened my hair since Thursday.
I hung out with no one this whole break.
How do you let it go when you just don't know? love.
nickybyrneoffic I bet croker is gonna be even better this year :D
why is it that whenever i'm about to start studying i can't find my glasses?
lol @ people who get religious/faith based tattoos and they aren't religious whatsoever.
Haven't heard from my boo CntFeelMyFace in some days.... neglected lol
Ok, so I get a connection on my xbox but on my iPod ? What the hells is going on then
Hate when ppl follow so u can follow bck then they unfollow
AudreyW4 go Wilson! what is this, our 4th or 5th time appearing on the news?
My dreams turn to goals which turn to accomplishments that turn to money that buys my success and it all =
Why is it that one person can make you so happy yet so sad at the same time!!!! frustrating!
laurenhhh it's 5 o clock in the morning! Conversation got boring<3
Waiting for the meteorshower will just get you mosquito bites and a stiff neck.
“OriginalDWoods Thank you Father for a new day. Blessed to see His grace. Thankful”
hopefully that was the last stage of setting up my Machinima_com partnership!!
my stress level is so high right now...
I don't work sooo I can sleep? :D
My mom is pathetic.
somebody come keep me company while i clean
Mad my wings r off the hook & there don't no tater salad...YYYYY....I'M SO HURT RITE NOW
I just want to sleep but instead I am watching some dumb documentary in my favorite class called history
my son who is about to be 6 just caught me slippin on chess
You're my everything... and only you my love..until die...
wordz couldnt describe my .dam feelingz and no text ..really really.. :(.
Women let your husband know you respect & appreciate his desire to protect & provide for you Love &
Everything happens for a reason... but if only I lnew the reason
Nathi_IdlaF suythetha lonto gal...am turning into a couch potato
off to dream peaceful dreams about shoes
I tripped & fell down the stairs today 
STEFANOLANGONE i bet it was fun ahhhh! :)
Night quilt sucks dick
09tonyromo09 enjoy that shit storm of a game. Losing to the Redskins at halftime?
Just Got a TWITTER !!!
connollyjon aye mate 2days to go!
Winter break starts in less than 12 hrs.
kjuliannax0 hi sexc i miss you we didnt play this weekend
I preferred thinking about the way your voice would sound, but now that I've heard it I'm
So excited to see DisneyonIce Friday @ the Izodcenter. My kids are beside themselves. Thanks to madijack & her giveaway!
Working on scheduling a whole bunch of posts for a big event starting tomorrow!
The best blessings are the unexpected ones!
were normally fine during the week and fight on weekends
going to pick up my sister,brother in law... and my adorable nephew..
He was all ineed tooo get by, & he didn't have too give me a ring too know I'm wifey ikept everything together iwas his bck bone   Love!
I need to go see a heart specialist r sumbody...sum ain't rite..
Got woke up to a text, When tgey could of asked when they got home..
Celebrating NEW YEARS in miami chea!!!
Hapyy thanksgiving! Great family, friends,&boyfriend
I'm glad that I left some things in the past..
orange juice makes everything better..
Great night with my girlfriend ^.^ ;* happy (:
might see imani tonight
megandambro you know what I mean though like guys that are too nice and up your ass
back home for the weekend! bit of gigantic tomorrow and chase n status after party in stiffy on sat - yeo!
I would like to thank my followers if you have followed me from the beginning.
listening to Jason Aldean albums on repeat
Gregory_Johnson look forward to enjoying your book this season. Know that you are loved. Take care & Keep Up Loving.
Tomorrow I'm having a late morning. Get to sleep till 7.30 am. Hell yes.
So the carphone warehouse site says the store opens at 10am, I get there at 10:20, the sign on the shop says open at 11
Upset, Hungry, Sad, Tooth Hurt, Headache, This Sum BullShyt, Don't Ask What's Wrong If U Can't Fix Nothing,
i reeeeally just wanna punch you in the face. annoyed!
waiting room at docs
A million feelings, a thousand thoughts, hundreds of memories, all for one person.
Cannot believe today is the last day of first semester! Three more to go!
best part about going home is i get to sleep naked , take a bath , & shower in a comfortable shower !!!
; ready to come back next week so we can hang! :)
Paradise is a place where there is no fear.
2011 cheer book is in
Black Friday e eu nem uma bala comprei : ( sad kkkkkk
Oh my god, my dog got into chocolate and had to go to the emergency toom... thank goodness its anminor situation
i can't hear any music on this computer O:
shoo_foo okay going on my list for my hubby to get for me! I can do that colour, I really like it! Thanx!
It's funny how people GET exactly what and who they DESERVE :) happy .
Great date night with jeffdeegs
bad mood all day can't snap out of it
Really... it's time for me to go home.
Stop with this shit
What about your mind, does it shine?
Good news coming GBSH fans way.
when you go into deep thought about dying. depressing.
Work sucks so bad!!
I just don't get it
Justin I honestly the best, he does everything he can to thank us. I'm glad his not like other celebrity's.
Wicked with the fam<3
Error codes are not like a top 10 list. You publish them ALL even if you don't see them all the time.
“danawhite: Look at Wandys body from the kicks!!! Wow!” wandfc dropped some bombs at the end.
Hate when you get in bed and your not tired
I'm not looking for million things, only for one perfect thing, LOVE D&G
Every radio station is playing every Bruno Mars song except the one I want to hear!!!!!
Wwwwhhhyyyy do OregonState fans still wear their gear?!
Jessearle03 not very much Earle :(
GabriellClaezon uuuuuh, stop it! YOUR TWEET ICON IS CRAZY! Profile picture at Facebook, NOW!
DatNigga_EPPS that breakfast my mommy cooked thouqh <<<<
Bf bought me some yoga pants, boots, and cute slip ons :) happy!!!
keep textin me stupid questions and im just gonna ignore the rest of your texts for the night .
Right, fingers crossed...
I've made it to another's day journey...
It's nearly projector o'clock!
monrad22 you are my girlfriend
Can't stand people who aren't on time
The_Gem_iN_ii SCREAMS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You having a girl!!!!! EXCITED!!!!!!!!
On the way to suny purchase
TayGackle jess_carson09 awkwaedmoment when ur at breaking dawn and ur sitting next to teachers!!!!!! Including Mrs.truax!!! (:
I just can't get enough of glee!!
Left for work without bringing food with me!! frustrated!!!
fuschia_pink21  A dog on the F1 race course funny, Metallica's Delhi gig getting cancelled due to technical issues
I still dont understand precalc -__- on to chem then sports med.. I hate school
JaguarUSA oh my I am in
Second time I've left my wallet at home this month...
Monday is going to be one sad day for the Cowboy family. We can make it through it!
20 more days till christmas
MaxPaterson23 Lets do the billy cosby sweater<3
Xbox is all I have now
Ritz haircut is soooo short!!
It's dark and cold
“I won't ever leave you, even though you're always leaving me.” ― Audrey Niffenegger
ThoseThreeWords I'm not pregnant
No track until 4:30 meanin I can't leave here until like 6
hercules is one of the best movies of all time
i woke up this morning so im still alive
justinbieber All of them are hmm..AHMAZING, buut gotta say Christmas Eve just has that special touch.
Had the best dream of my life last night involving a snow mobile
Off to church.
and also: girls, boobs, drunk nights, random hookers, bro hoes, sluts, YourFavWhiteGuy, captain and coke, and awesome music.
I'm so lucky to have a best friend who takes care of me when I'm super sick.
DearDrekie_ soooo imma finally get to meet aiden im going to eunice tomorrow
On a lighter note: I'm blessed for those who are still here.
Forgetting something you was a second away from forgetting
Dream come true, going to a symphony showing tonight in seattle! So excited!!!!!
if you dont love your life, then your doing something wrong
My nephew likes peas and avocado! That makes auntie val happy! :)
Few ppl are using this incident for there personal advantage....PESIT ...sad !
just wanted to cuddle all night :(
Our society is getting to the point that the pizza delivery guy is getting to your home faster than the police
Somethings you js need to keep to yourself and off of twitter
I want to find love. :( Why? Am i so *different* that i'm not compatible with anyone? Moment of weaknessess hit hard...
how did i get sucha great bestfriend ? confused but happy :)
its about that time excited :D
I look pretty good for once
Thank god it's Friday.
Mentone with the family to see the second family :)
Not too bad of a day. Living a good life
kelsiehendrix Okay good! I love you too Sunny! 
My hommie T.I has added weight! And it don't fit him
last nights modern family
tthocker and now you use it perfectly! ;)
Just got off the phone with Ackee! <3 bare jokes... My son is gonna start walkin soon!
Seeing lost dog signs
drake and josh is on
sunflashxoxo lol, OH I almost forgot, when my dad finishes I can her fb back!! excited !!
great no one texts me back -_-
Idk how I ended up following some people but I cant let any of you go.
I Hate Seen Females Have On Heels & Can Not Walk in Them
This Christmas Break........
Looking forward to going to Apeldoorn tomorrow to meet my new Specialized Dpd team mates :)
Why is it always me that makes the effort first
I haate when people cancel plans
10hightlightsof2011  10) Just 2011 in general has been the best year in a while!
MrStillSmokkin smh! My thing still broke
Her first birthday is 11 days away Excited !!!
Im going to the movies tomorrow!!!!
Almost Friday! So many eventful, fun things comig up.
Mara shkrn YaraAbraham ReemAlRashed_ Muneera_as JawaherTS and haifa!! A7bbkm :'( thanx for everything! You really made my BD guys!
on the phone w this boy .. he juss talking ..
in the picture amirah jus sent me , ole boy looks like he has no penis . . .
7 more hours...then I'm off to Atlanta...
Super tired.bt cant sleep widout watching u.so its BearGrylls tym wid a cup of hot coffee.just lyk him
Yayyy! Might go swimming in the dark soon. LOL.
9 na pala!!!! >.< oh em.... ano na ang nagawa ko???? hala hala.
Those on & off best friends ..
You are beyond stupid
I like how I'm exhausted all day, and then when it's time to go to bed I can't fall asleep.
I miss atl like alotalotalot
Slipping into a coma of depression and never leaving my bed again. You may say I'm dramatic, I say you don't know my life.
can never have a selfish friend
Party and elf in first hour excited!
pet peeve; people who go Bomber crazy for the Grey Cup even though most of them haven't watched a single game
That awkward moment when you scream when your name is called and you think you made it, but really you were eliminated.
What a good day :)
Miss the boo!!!!!! lonely <3
I think im to the point now that i will pay someone to tutor me in calculus
Well, that test is making me want to drop f-bombs like there's no tomorrow.
When people chew obnoxiously
man I'm soo sleepy.
I can't sleep. I've woken up every single hour.
Going to get my hair done today
My hiccups won't go away.
Love my life right now
alexabloss butts and guts with both legs in the air doing crunches
Had the teeth falling out dream again. Arg. It always feels so damn real!
I'm putting my faith in you. I'm putting my trust in you. Please dont hurt me again
Alien_Orifice It's tiny...?? Awww :(
I saw SO many friends today that I have missed so much! It's been a busy but fun day!
Girls night with ma bestie... We be watching pooh bear... Guarantee I'll cry
viajustinbieber see you soon at x Factor !! excited :)
Treating a kid I don't know to a sugar donut   happiness widesimles when they appreciate kindness happiness x 1000
loochh Yo, what did you want?
I'm the only one with different beliefs in my family. That's why I can be strong.
laurenashleey_ Twitter is a hater :(
If it weren't for some people id never make it through sucky days
With ally101594 going to the columbus zoo to see all the pretty christmas lights!!
I can feel my tan fading.
damn, need inspiration? Ask my Mom what she's been through and  how she got to where she is now.
Happy Tweet:  In these unsteady times, steadiness makes a good ally.
How you walk around mumbling to yourself all day
Being a good student and doing homework 2 days before due date.
gwencanfly said to definitely keep in touch with her, let her know if I have any ideas or questions. SO THAT'S PRETTY AWESOME.
yo_kenzo idk haven't talk to me in a while kinda don't know if your still my friend ;((
Yehey!1year,4 months and 20days more to go!
JoeyJ424 even though you make me SO MAD sometimes, I love you and I don't know what I'd do without you.
Wish I had something other to do then homework on sundays.. I just cleaned my car for fun..
We all want the same thing!
My niece is goin in on everyone. She Jus told me my bobo is ba-skusting (yes disgusting) and I need cover it up
MistyTheDreamer I wish we were on the same bus!!!:(
My whole family is hurting today, i wanna go!!:( but no! I get to go to school!
Dress Code? Slutty AF love  (;
UOPintens Can you talk to someone at Stanford about gratuitous use of Hells Bells?
I'm ready to
Trying to book tix for the Radio City Christmas Spectacular Excited!
swimmer_81 Were they loud? I'm a sucker for thunder and lighting! Rain as well. The combination to make a day a WHOLE LOT depressing!
iTS SCHOOLTIME TOMMOROW AGAIN SO
I wish I had cousins my age :/ :(
Got a new Acoustic track to work on!! Excited!
Chilling with nothing but my thoughts and a tub of häagen-dazs
aimeeGrierson chloehindmarsh i thought better of you
Boak!!!! RebeccaaO9 sent me a picture of harry potter, infact TWO! :-(
Ew I am eating McDonald's right now.
AHHHHH! I saw my cousin! :D
In KC for the night, flight leaves at 5am. Gonna be a hell of a week. Excited.
bullshitbets and kayleeehman are the only reason I passed psych. Thankful.
Jonah Kessel can 180 off 7 stairs and shit w/o banging his face in... I'm Hurt.
Sorry but Mereiles looks like he has an ill fitting syrup on his nappa
This people are retarded I'm ready to go
Jayden's first photo shoot today!
If only all thus rain was snow
You decide to quit texting me at the wrong times!
I know it was way too good for me to be happy.. 
This is coming along so good! Proud :)
Both my boys are snoring and getting sick. So ayden is sleeping in between mommy and daddy tonight. Hope they get to feeling better
much needed Louie's dinner date with my momma and my other momma SDParrish
Words can't begin to explain what I want to say.
Well... this is just great.
philwickham thanks for the heads up just bought both
Shopping for baby stuff. It's what I do.
«DanielleMommy24 Ummmm I kno.i play alot!!.. But I think I really like OOMF!... :-* NERVOUS .....»
TheRealIngrosso cannot wait to see u next year !!
on the way to the airporttt:)))))
Tonight was super successful. Put up the Christmas tree and ornaments. Finally looks like we have a full tree!
Damn I'm goin thru it wit no NBA! disappointed!
I wish my boyfriends phone would work so I could text him!
I do not enjoy forcing nyself to wake up and get dressed for a run, only to see it's raining. I'm not that keen...
Laying next to my beautiful baby daughter, listening to her snore like a congested hillbilly.
I want to smack everyone that acts differently towards you when they're with a group of people
A lot to look forward to today, a lie in, packing and a final night out before heading home on sat excited :)
i hate the fact it takes me ten minutes just to get my dad to hang up
Happy travel memories:'Grabbing my passport, heading to airport & jump on a plane to anywhere' (Steve,Lonely Planet) Share yours
Second lie in with my girls connieandsam,love my days off! Now for a long weekend with the family,what could be better
MY SHIT UNFOLLWING PPL..
Can someone please explain why there are never plug sockets by the side of the bed in hotel rooms
NickyWhitty11 Theresa_Arnold_ girl band reunion tomorrow night?
got turn my swag on stuck in my head annoying :|
I wanna send out some Twitter Thanksgiving Tweets. Thanks you to the Blogosphere for doing your work all year esp MLSReserves
Today I realized that I'm not tan enough for my summer foundation make-up anymore...
Just got my first northface jacket.
AbbGermanotta OMG THIS SO FUCKING AMAZING !!!!!!
new episode of Revenge tonight!!!!!!! yesyes
I love how was ready to go to bed and now im not able to go to sleep
Ugh hes so fat and grody
Made my 11:11 wish
bitches really be gettin pregnant bck to bck with no mney nor no education
What if today, we were grateful for just everything?
flashyashey you speak the truth
I hate when I get home from school and my dads home.
Lol! “MandersBTweetin: I feel played when the Sonic carhop comes out.. I slowly roll down my window... And they keep walkin.. anxious”
Our school should have a class on how to walk, and it should be mandatory.
Mm daddy just made me coffee from his new coffee maker
Once u have to fight for him or prove ya existance, then he aint urs!!! I learned the hard way many many yrs ago 
THE FUCK. IS WRONG WITH MY TABLET.
YahooForde you wanna see a gagburger, check out FSU in the final 3 minutes.
FUCK YOU GOOGLE AND YOUR INABILITY TO PLEASE ME
Damn I just dnt kno what it is tht u do to me
I'll just take one of everything from modcloth.
Only watched the X factor bc of drewryniewicz!!  Probably won't watch it anymore
That's the most money platos ever gave me
ItMakesMeHappyWhen HOTTNvideo finally comes out tomorrow!! CANT WAIT TILL TOMORROW!!
Some old soldiers try to get young privates. Hmm I guess trying itself is not rape but isn't it weird for soldiers to even try?
One more sleep...Phili here I come!!! excited!!!
ThinkinBoutYou WHAT AMAZING DUET!! proud <3officialjaden justinbieber 3
its official. im finally going home :) for awhile. Miss thee parents&the Bay! woot woot!
True “YokiLei Death to Brittany. Everybody now calls me Yoki! Thankful”
the awkward moment when someone tells you something thats not funny, but you end up laughing hysterically
It's Been 3 Days Since I Didnt Smoke ,
SarahLoThompson well ko is 1720... and lots of Xmas shopping beforehand! :)
S/O to Ashton_Martin NewFollower & ready to rage ;)
Love is an energy booster
“PootyTangJr: I'ma let my dog (walethedog ) just roam around at my next party. He accepts treats and 4lokos only.” and that's when
I guess i should start my lovely homework...
All of this shit will be behind me some time after December 2nd.
I think if I haven't answered your 50 previous texts, insulting me is not going to change things. rude but mostly
Had a good night. Good dinner talking to my dad and I enjoyed cuddling with my boy :)
How can I get the music director job at this arena?
I live SexiDoc2Be but she hated me  
Necesito ver a mi pa!*:(
That awkward moment when you send someone the wrong text. O.o
charlie_swift1 bodell85 emmahall32 er no it wouldn't, would be
Just seen a guy with no teeth eat an egg sandwich on the tube.
I thank God for waking me up this morning
derricKKdsouza KK Sang IT REALLY WELL,  you surely did not pay attention to his Voice in thisss :/ Sad didn'texpectfromyou
i gotta blow my nose every other god damn mother fucking second
Home sickk eating the biggest bowl of ice cream
justinbieber drummer boy is the best! LOVE SWAG 8
taykolbeck imma be at osu on the ninth!!:)
Again no workaholics i miss it
Today is my last day for this
Beyond pissed right now -______-
I wish I was talking to you right now sad :/
diggy_simmons diggy you got me over here tearing up! whenever you make songs they blow up & then you make a vid & everyones dead. proud.
The end of this year has been better for me than the beginning!! Thank God it got good somewhere!
Getting tatted this week!
When someone discovers a song from an advert ect that you knew for ages and then they think they know it all
My phonee dosnt work anymoee i cant see the screen at all!!:/
Seems like twitter has quit counting my tweets or at least the app has.
tonimariececil I know! I feel like my childhood has ended.
i dont know what i want... but what i think i want is not what i need! veryselfish frustrating :/
mcdonalds breakfast was a bad idea! uuurgh! breakfastwrap doesn't live up to the advert!
I can't wait to see him!
Little one is finally awake! I have a parade watching partner now! Yay!
_debo14 hell yeah...lmao lauren lil shit was all effed up...she was too
Let the panic attacks begin
s/O to all my followers!!!
I will keep on convincing myself that where I am right now is the best place to be
Thank you father for pediatrics practice, at least I can have my afternoons back.
Family talks around the fireplace
Every theater in Tinseltown is sold out for the Breaking Dawn premiere tonight.
In 24 hours I will be touching down in San Diego!
He kiss you with the yuck mouth in the morning
Downloading photos to add to the next section of my Shrine of Gaga - it'll be taking up my whole wall soon! :D
Breaking the news to my boss as soon as I get into town.
Ahhhhh!!!! That was exciting!!!! Cant believe i lived through 11/11/11 11:11 :)
enrique305 Wish I could see you tonight in morocco..
shake it up, shake up the
bbybriibriii Jacob from Xpc just texted me.
Looks like im playing MW3 all day
Enjoying Hairspray at the Aronoff Center!
Fuck being on my phone & not being able to listen to Mr_Grimshaw's toooooonage!
UGH . my family thinks imma get pregnant
It's a sunny winter morning and I'm cooking delicious things for our annual Solstice gathering today :D
_iliftyouup lolol, I actually did something.
amy_geek when will be coming out?
Harvest dinner at Crossroads Apostolic Church
Ive been very scarce here on twitter lately.
I wanna knw y my Avi is never clear!
got my bro on my mind heavy
Hannah Montana the Movie, it the best movie ever.
Galatians 6:9. happy Thanksgiving!! :)
kinamatt i hope so!!! :D
Sis brought me diner ... Shrimp alfredo stuffed lobster shells & crab soup
Jessikaway I'm thinking I do. I'll have a root around later.
I just wanna go home, snuggle up on the futon, read my batman comic books & play pokemon yellow on my gameboy color
Happy 10th birthday to my beautiful daughter!!!
When I'm at my lowest he is always there to pick me up
knicskank omgsh that was the best tweet I've ever read!!!!! Don't even get me started.... depressed best3rdwheelcombo 3days:-)
christmas party tomorrow then CHRISTMAS BREAK!
Big brother final tonight! excited :)
Get all ready to go to bed then your stomach growls.
this bitch really gets under my skin >__<
Just purchased COD MW3!
I don't know what I want for Xmas!! frustrating!
I'm not afraid to go out without make up. Nowadays I rarely wear make up to school or when I go outm
02chrisjohn25 doesn't sound good... Let me know if you hear anything!
Well AFC_Collective sure knows how to kick off a Monday. Lol
iimack_em and Jomain is wrestling in class though...
Aww the dad shot his son in the arm to keep him from shooting himself in the head.
i hate when people don't answer their phones when you REALLLY need them too..
Happy Tweet:  Smile share.  Everyone benefits.
My puppy is running around my house going crazy
The Smell of opening up new Vinyls =
Me-the book I'm reading the girl has pretty cute outfits! Jaimi-oh really is it a picture book?
Fina bake some cookies.
Getting a ride home when I expect to take the train.
Just got home from the induction:)))
Cuz you're the apple to my pie , you're the straw to my berry , you're the smoke to my high , and you're the one I wanna married
Hot chocolate and sleeps :D
Watching champions league highlights without knowing the results
Oh the neighbor's have a son who's working out.  Oh wait he's fat.  Disappointment.
I am thankful for my GOD, family, friends & foes. You all make me the individual I am. U all play a role in my life.
Phineas and Ferb 2nd Dimension movie this Saturday, :D
I domt wanna lose my team :,(
It's lonely as fuck in unite without SchmidtHappens0
Can't wait to see my boy
Puttting the xmas tree up today
Marktaras meganklassen_ exactly haha! & nah we arnt going we don't have a trip this year the moved it to only 1 trip in 3 years
Hopefully we bus with the green valley kids tomorrow (':
The way things work out still surprise me!
I'm so glad to see my Lil Cuhzn Nd my auntie BRANDNEWMaRiiE
romanticblond I can't wait to see it!! My sons hoping to be on blue peter at 4.30 on same day
I miss being under it ;-) I still hold out hope... JustMeWith nerdamage
All I've ever wanted to do in my life is help people and make people happy. This is just the beginning!
Glad the patriots won but that defense is going to kill them in the playoffs.
I'm so mad. That's not like me. I'm so sorry.
Hard Rock Cafe Melaka is opening soon just off Jonker Walk
Can't wait to be done with macro and away from the creepy kid always talks to me in class
ThingsPeopleShouldntDo Use animated profile pics
Now watching tv realy nice song i love t song
After waiting for a pillow. I finally have a pillow for my pillow.
When the person you're talking to just doesn't get what you're trying to say.
She's my kinda crazyyy
i really got a lot on my mind
Brother cooking pumpkin risotto for me tonight after long afternoon of baking.
nboulaymtl welcome to the new reality!!!
Turnin my phone off for the night
Finally tomorrow's Friday
Christmas specials have started.
Yayy! I get to retake the hardest class I've ever taken
Jenna_Marbles new video is uploading
nowplaying When the Sun Sets - Brett_ROTS. Up next: Don't Let Me Fall - CoreyBalsamo.
This bytch say she got to tech.for fashion design n she has no swagg hair neva done showgame wack
My birthday is tomorrow!!!!!! Really excited!!!!!!
Travellinnnnn on 2nd of feb wohooooo!
Chick-fil-a is extra crunk right now!
teamHOUSE Omf. It was meant fo thisisnotmary not everyone and their cousin. :(
Eeeee! Ariana Grande follows, RayWJ follows, Sierra McCormick RT'd, and Eric Lange tweeted and RT'd! :D HAPPINESS!!!!!!
It's days like these that make me soo happy! :D
Of course the one time I call 348ride it takes me all over fucking Tuscaloosa. I just want to go to publix. Its 2 mins away! annoyed.
I'm in my least favorite class for 2nd and advisory.
Today is actually a good day for once
Woke up to snow white playing in my living room
Still remember left eye's rap from no scrubs..proud!
No mom, No dad. The only Fam i got is the
SO many reasons to SMILE (:
made a new twitter account :D
The New DFO Patch: Delizes Nightmare pt 2... nothing new bbut some new clothing, lvl expantion (not lvl cap). Nothn' new yet~
You can choke on your misery :-D
Sometimes I feel like I want Man. UTD to win more than the players themselves. No Focus & 50% effort =
This Hekasi Research is so hard to find especially when you forgot your Hekasi book. :|
Counting Down the days until I go to the Mainland to spend Christmas with Fam Bam ...
Mcdonalds sweet tea
Daddy is coming to Columbia next week
Soo I planned on going walking for an hour this morning!!! I'm too sleepy tho..ugghhh
Do you think these final miles seem longer for Adam or for those following from home?
So some ppl should get a life! Ya know like hmmm..idk their OWN!!!!!!!!
justinbieber from Chile I tell you that I will support you all & I'll always be # BELIEBER:) Follow me . With one click I can do HAPPY 46
what a goal!
71 - Being let down is one of the worst feelings you can experience
About to release my first 45 minute DJ mix online
Pandora on blast chilling with my LOvE.
LivPritchard i'm just in a really down mood and want to go do something about it, sat in mikes bed with his dogs and one of his cats
Just got the new iPhone... But can't txt anyone on mts!!!
Talking about my tweets?
ihatewhen people say they will call
Omg its only 8 and I'm already
Just found 20 bucks on the ground at Wal-Mart
It saddens/frustrates/irritates me when there is such apathy towards the Eucharist. Good thing Jesus didn't sufferto bring us that...
GabrielleAnwar1 yay!!! Ur tweeting :D
x0_lilli hope its really NothinAtAll Love!
No, don't try to text me now....leave me alone.
Why can't I ever fall asleep...
My mommy made udon with egg for me this morning! :D
Hating on Tebow because he is a man of Christ... Maybe others shouldn't insult ones faith, and instead work on improving your own..
That good feeling when you throw away all the bullshit in your life.
huge scratch on my face embarrassing ohrylee daniellestazio JaxWelch
have to do a 3 minute speech tomorrow, nervous ://
arielpetroval hahahaha youreswole i guess talking to me isnt good enough for you
My hair not curly anymore :(
Drake needs to make more songs like Headlines.
146 rush yards in the first quarter
Its funny how you can't tell how much your hurting my feelings...
If you think im going to text you first. you got that wrong.
Only 12 days till christmas!
Watching people cover their entire breakfast(eggs, sausage and French toast) in syrup makes me want to gag! =x
Im a B now Proud lol
it will be 11am soon! hope i can pass and  transcribe all these audios
I love Christmas but I get so stressed out over money!
justinbieber the 'one time' video was added this time two years ago, mad to think of how much you have achieved
_InspectHERvajj respect fire dem joint
Here we go, ima bout to watch the duke game EXCITED!!!!
good thing my clothes know how to dry. sarcasm .
Half day of school today:))
5tudallionbby dazzmeaddict12 electrigal LipGloss_Bandit mizzkisha84 RealTalkKim sammieswagg <-THANKFUL 4 THE LOVE U GIVE ME
Almost time for my final exam
Goin to church tonight & Marvin Sapp gone be there. Excited lol
4 overtimes and that's how it ends
Did i just say swag?
I need a hug. Wait, no. What I NEED is to not fall asleep alone tonight.
It's Friday iPhone fully charged earphones in and ladygaga Marry the night on
As we get to a point when life seems to be too fragile, only then can we understand the true intensity of relationships and gratitude.
So Jill was local
This weather is sick, but im afraid the shitty weather is all gonna come at once
cbsfh is officially over
I love my Family
The Lord was watching over us tonight. That wreck could've been a lot worse
“Kaila_Helene: Hey you! Stop complaining! You have no idea what you have. Appreciate it!! frustrated”
it's always amazing when medicine works
In dfw. One hour lay over then  I'll be in unholy wood. Finally.
Haven't watched a Sharks win this season
Hahah ...... I Die Of Laughterrr All By Myselff -.-
This tree sucks ass!
Hanging with the boys tonight all the girls in my fam left me even my mom.....burping contest her i come
It's time for da food to get love so I'm goin to love everything I eat today time
...And that text I got just made the night ten times better!
I haven't done diz in a while but imma make love ta diz boi! Excited!
When a female leaves u for a thug its just a sign telling u that you aint get on her ass like u were supposed too, basically too much
Dinner at grandmas house.
my hot water bottle is now my better half!
Once again im stuck at home because all my friends wanna go be old and go to the bar.
Picking up my yorkie in the am!
C as u open teeth 4 avi...RT Lanrewajuatika: Gud 4 u.RT Realbanks007: Playn PES nd listening to 21, d album....
I live a blessed life
chachigonzales Got excited when I read this, thought you were coming to Virginia! </3
Where did all my friends go?  I have no friends
Glad God allowed me to begin this day with you
start my new job at ULTA_Beauty on Tuesday! <3
WOW NEXT WEEKEND IS CHRISTMAS
can't wait for the weekend
Lines are long everywhere around Christmas time
BirdyMiamMiam tout à l'heure tu aura une twitpic live de carrefour!
note to self: do not talk or text when sleepy in order to avoid making stupid and embarrassing replies.
Flight leaves at 8 for Alabama tonight
i just wanna know my score!!
when you think you put something in a safe place and then can't find it
Testing and deployment done for today, email sent to customer. Now to focus on the conference session I have to run in 38 minutes...
has lost my sense of taste :( aswell as smell...get better soon to myself
all spanish boys are players
finaly got some new basketball shoes!
Drake be hittin them notes on this album! proud!
Today I am very happy  I hope every day happy :)
sbyers22 thanks for cheering me up last night
having to redo this entire movie
Can tell Brandon Stewart is missing.
Ahh todays been such a good day
Madame Gilmer is a lazy teacher.
Grinch is on at 8 :)
ready for this break
Actually crying with tears now... tired & in
Black coffee and a blueberry muffin!
Tired of feeling this way.
I like the strike , get a day off!:')
shinyhuff17 girl I need all the abb workouts I can get. I'm going to die..
thanksgiving parades in an hour.
the_glendon haha ..interesting town, huh? What are you plans for KCMO ? Tower Tavern for some Football?!
I just wanna get outta this class already
getting ready to leaaaaaaaaaaaveee.
timmehteh I wasn't being flattering, I was stating facts ;) No one would marry me Matt. No one.
Hate when I realize my tweets from my phone last night didn't send.
At the DMV bout to take my license test
No school for me today.
Never expect anything. You will only be disappointed.
hot coffee and crunchy, frosted oatmeal cookies to dip!
And duh, its antibiotics. Doesnt every educated person know this fact?
Things are finally starting to get better
So that txt Just made my whole day
abonanni19 finally downloaded the new drake album..
Working out with AshHiroshima, its been a while bra!
Finally at the chiropractor!
My Sister Is So Annoying:(
On the way to the cenotaph. Very moving show last night, think it came across really well on tv
shoutout to my 100th blog subscriber!!!! THANK YOUUUU!!!!!!
These ducks have slippery fingers!
Give me a break w/ all that emotional shxt... Can we say
First draft of grant proposal complete. If this gets funded, it'll be my first professional collaboration with an artist.
My moms just sitting here on my bed playing with the iPad while I'm trying to study...really? annoyed!
I get told Im tall everyday.
Omg disney is introducing another princess names Sofia!!!! Movie and a tv series
krose1118 thanks for calling me
Dad, are you really gonna play talk radio the whole way?
My tweets aren't showing
Meanwhile……Selena's smiling :) and then there's Justin..…not smiling. :( dafack?
Our first ever sproutcooking Christmas dinner, by which I mean the degustation at Magill Estate.
Guy said he would wake me up after an hour.. yeah 2 hours later I get my own ass up..
Aye let's get it... 5 dais til christmas 3 days til due date
BigbootyNat69 just stop with the cats...
LiFeSaThRiLl and emily_chastain we're there to!!!!;)
TheEllenShow 11.20: It's Transgender Day if Remembrance. Rough day for me. One of the worst I've had in a long time.But ended so well
Can't Wait For Thanksgiving Holidays..:)
BCSGuru Wow, you think 2-loss Oklahoma and Oregon will stay ahead of Boise and Houston?
Great lesson learned :) Counting up the cost!
I know what school I won't be visiting next time I'm in VA...
WOOO SNOW!!!! ME SOO
Some boys at West got some big heads.
This math final is going to suck wish me luck
Been a great break so far, and its not even Christmas yet
Well GOODMORNING everyone!!!!! Hope everyone day is going as good as mine!! Feels reaaaal good to save a life! Ahhhhhh
Seriously, can someone explain to me why i stopped drawing for so long?
Love waking up from a nap & a Christmas movie is on & mom is putting up the tree!
Lmfao drake & josh... love <3
-Just looked on Powerschool & i did good on all my EXAMS except for one ; but who cares i still passed FIRST SEMESTER ! :)
Listening to Joel Piper's EP and my face is like O_o O_o
i hate when people play stupid.
on the day i start planning to get a  MacPro, some human being steals. my DellStudio. SAD :-(
MaddieFreden but that means you cant go to the hockey game
At this point cleaning penises, changing bedpans, and taking blood pressure is 2nd nature sad nursingStudent annagreve AmesH3 kelsgreco
Happy happy me (: early christmas present from you..
my suite finally looks home-y
Into extra time at Twerton park. This is what the FA cup is all about!
idk why your acting like this
ddlovato YOU'VE GOT FIVE MILLION UNBROKEN LOVATICS GIRL!
Sleep soon then parade tomorrow! :)
Now I Dnnt Havve A Charger AT ALL ....! HURT : (
MacMiller Sorry man, but I deffinatly was not feeling blue slide park
RyanCallahan247 wesrucker247 That's the problem they made it harder to get in to UT so e have a bunch of nerds who don't like sports..
all I feel is the pain of the loss and none of the gain
Le prochain follower de Naughty_Virgin gagne …
This is hardly what I call snow
KiddBagheera i'm half way with you ! earphones in my ear but don't feel like qettinq up for some snackaqe lol i'm too
When a five year old has a better comeback than you.
Signing papers for Rock Creek today (: excited.
Damn hot af, I wanna come home though I miss the homies
KyleBecker21 do you need to go to the hospital ? I'm pretty sure a melting heart isn't healthy
Headed To The Airport. Detroit Here I Come
Good morning and Happy Thanksgiving Eve! Make it a great day!
something's never change. always the same stuff. it gets old.
AaronMilo I don't get sweaty palms but my face breaks out in a sweat embarrassing.
Wish I was on the West Side hanging out with plinnn 3dbello kuyabigmac dddopeish and kuya CJ. :( :( :(
5 DAYS UNTIL CHRISTMAS
Will miss you Regis!
Awaiting The Arrival Of My Newest Baby Cousin
Random dude....please stop commenting on everything the instructor says and go blow your freaking nose.
Ummm S/O to whoever just jacked my Snickers!!... That's why your mother table dances for Hotwings and Black n Milds.. HOLLERN!!!
Homemade cinnamon rolls, homemade cream cheese frosting, and other people to eat them so I don't.
sine graphs on dollar bills...
ONLY THEN CAN WE HAVE PERFECTION ONCE WE FILTER THIS PLANET OF IGNORANCE AND THE PLEASURES OF IT
I really hope I remember how to skate.. Nervous...
Feels so good to be home
Me fui a soñar con él.
Seeing the neurologist tomorrow!
If I unfollow someone on twitter, do they get a notification?
I'm sorry, but the Lincoln park zoo lights was a bust.
alright could the power stop going out now?
jaw90 it was yummyy! I am the resident mexican once again :) haha, not long til we're reunited my american brother!! excited x
not long to the xmas tree goes up
gonna get dressed now -____-
I have play to do tomorrow ughhhhhh
looking forward to going to bed tonight
samanthahunt22 always get a kick outta your tweets! especially Waahhh, and the abuse you have taken for it
i thnk av been drinkn the wrong coke, *spikeit* theres the trick
Tampa isn't as bad as I thought
I give SOPA one month after being enacted. If it's not repealed, Then I'm gone
spending duvet day sundays on your own are grim
I'm hoping that even if I am the newest staff head, still I'm hoping that my co-staffers will still act like nothing's change.
from calculus to physics
; loves those nights when we stay up late talking to each other about everything.
I cant wait until christmas
justinbieber I'm so proud of you! from the boy singing in YouTube to the boy who inspired many people. any helped many people. PROUD 3
Just put nutella on a rice krispie treat
Nights like thus I use to have somebody I could've count on now its jus.....
I'm bout to go to Panda Express. It's my
cant believe outta all the girls in our school those two are drunk hookup buddies.
Not in the mood to work.
But we fall down but my fab6 homies pick me up and we keep trucking
PaytonRaeMusic Hey heeey :) can u followback me please? xx
-you losers have changed....badly.
24 Days Until Christmas !
When mom sings so loud it echoes through the whole house and distracts you <<<<<<<
I Miss my baby sooo much havent seen him since the day we left from our school break ! :(
Harry_Styles   Harry! I bought tickets to see you and onedirection in Washington DC! can't wait for you guys to be in the states!
some people just need to move on ha.
i follow everyone back
All checked in online, seats picked.. Get me on that plane now!!! srilanka2k11adventures betterpack! Lula_Lawson
MMMM Now i know why people in Seattle have the highest percentage rate of suicide ,due to all the rain
Going to Virginia tech to swim
Happy veterans day :) especially you grandpa RIP and you big bro.
Some people grow up and well some people never do
Happy Birthday sa Papa ko!! Sayang wala sya ngayon.
For peace of mind, we need to resign as general manager of the Universe.~Larry Eisenberg
You know, I love my mum. She listens to me talk about justinbieber a lot and just puts up with it. I even have her liking Mistletoe.
Im watching videos on how to make hot sauce.
Today is definitely going to be a day where EVERYTHING pisses me off.
Just got lost driving to Broken Arrow from Norman. This is awkward.
justinbieber 80 days until your birthday!!! so
UofL game wif daddy;)
My momma will aalways be my 1 lady
I was bout to send a text but my heart don't think it's important enough...
Hate studying for chemistry.
La la la I kiss girls,(;
idkmybffjUll teamwescott she doesn't even go on twitter anymore
Looks like baby Hollis will be here in 12 days! I love being an aunt!
1 down, 2 finals tomorrow, but i'm sooo excited for tonight! surprise!
Someone come over :(
IronMenCrosby :-) Hehe it was called for after that little beauty of a bacon butty!
tonight with my baby.
18 bday in three days, finna' be legal !
Fuck the fcat scores are in
Its funny how pple so woried  about itsjay_babe stay off her dick damn im goin home
Tevin always Gota sleep on me
Vegas bound to see the bestie! :D
Knackered but feeling great:D
5+ på mattetentamen var en hyggelig overraskelse nå før jul!
Astanis 7ail lama ashtre cd's w asweeli new cd happy :$
CSU_Athletics gear is due at the door tomorrow... hopefully it comes!
I dnt care that he religious but i tebow needs to talk a whole lot less about faith n god in interviews n talk football
looking through my senior album on fb makes me
Got some stamps on deck going grocery shopping tomorrow
Twitter is now a platform for pornotweets!
Currently on the laptop looking up cars..
love going to sleep mad....
i love my family so much so thankful for them
Annndddd after 3 hours, My room and closets are officially cleaned out!!
chicken noodle soup from Noodles & Company + Pride & Prejudice =
No, I would say ridiculous trans activists who are outraged [that the recent Maryland trans bill includes employment, housing
Pretty sure we wont have anything close to a white Christmas this year..
chadneylon I walked thru the World Village on Sunday.
I get to take manda461 out for our one year anniversary tonight... I am one blessed man!!
Happy Canadian Birthday, shontgomery
Reading LaurenConrad Sweet Little Lies!!
CHRISTIEHARRIS_ boyyyyyy I'm alive!!! I walked all the way from glam to my house.
DISCOchiq kak leaaa Good luck for perform tonight wif agnezmo and TEAM'S at DEKADE TRANSTV_CORP ! are u ready to ROCK
It's the thickest wall you could ever imagine seeing.
Ok,.will call a resort for a xmas reservation;).!
Report da dun dun. | quiz tomorrow & mi good to go yaseemi
Five long years and tonight I'll see her :'). elated!
MAZZY TALK...SHOUT 2 MYSELF MR.MAZARRATTI RELL HBD SELF...
hanging with layla after school
Idk its something I can't control...I'm just
Just got shot In the face with a dog fart.
Hoy es Martes Vinotinto!!!!
Failed attempt. Some girl I am.
lilylovearsenal me too wearing my Arsenal T-shirt right now
Everybody saying ima have a girl well we gone see
I need more hipster friends
onions make me cry so much!
Hey naughtynoraa I know how much you
My birthday in 9 days :D
Oh ya 16& pregnant let's get me a show , wtf about 16 year olds with cancer? Nope let's just show dumbass' who don't use condoms
Oops my bad haha
16 in less than an hour.
Like to thank the man upstairs for blessin me wit another yr n like to thank everybody came out n did dey thang wit me on my birthday
Why can't I sleeeep?
When someone leaves something at your house and it becomes a huge inconvenience to you
Why the fuck do people promote each other on Twitter!!!!!!!!!!
My friend jamesmaslow sounded so good singing the nat'l anthem on TV! My other friend Savannah Outen on thanksgiving parade today...PROUD!
love may be blind...  but u can sit down and have a heart 2 heart talk
My dress from little mistress is soo gorge! Ah! The partay this friday is gone be hot!
Wooow 9 More Followers!! For 700
I'm couple rounds down and I'm tryna get back
Youtube adverts are soooooo uncalled for, nobody wants them there
After a dark week, my spirits are lifted. i love my church gccwired.
Tebow is too soft spoken and almost seems out of breath while he's speaking.
when you just cant wait to see someone
steffymontana hey pretty girl....hope all is well...
Besoin de retourner au pays... :'( :'(
Picked up my brother from ELEMENTARY school & I got asked if I go to school there. Do I still look like a baby or something?
loaded potato skins and math
Teen Mom 2! Can't wait for the new one to come on!!!!
Waking up to a cup of tea is possibly one of the most love things ever.
I love Leona but best versions of Hurt are Nine Inch Nails and Johnny Cash.
Those couples that you feel like you're dating because they tweet about everything in their relationship
Highlight of my day... well.. uh... I bought a pen...?
Please follow gadiss_ayu . She's a humble and friendly person . She really love you and hope someday u'll follow her love AustinMahone 9
I like the fact that Ppl rep team darkSkin in they bio..
Not going to disney on ice anymore.. :( byebye ts3.. Wah!
You both know I'm on my time of the month and you both choose to be Frickn difficult!
Really need to get out of this funky mood
I wish you all mothafuckas would stop trying to mind my business. Lemme live my life and stop assuming shit!!!
Damnn , these people are rude af !
KaliKnapp thank god, I'm so
When your in the nail salon and you can't stop coughing and everyone looks at you ....
2 funerals to go to today..
slaterjarrell just messaged me on something that my phone closed out of and Idk what he messaged me on :(
Staying up all hours of the night with no sleep has caught up to me.
MultCoBridges curious why bridge lifts for barge traffic is allowed during rush hour?
So... that's how you send a YouTube video from the phone to AppleTV. I may not move for hours now...
why is it im tired i turn off my computer then i become un tired so i turn it back on and now im tired AGAIN..
Rly happy that my 1000 tweet was sayin something sweet to my darling RavenFaulk :)) lol ppl on here r prob tired of us but idc:)<33
The most shocking thing is the BSC is going along with it!
This one kid is really trying his life.
making you happy makes me happy!!
Great day at church today! Got some amazing coupon deals before the Thanksgiving fellowship then had a great night with good friends.
Im really a twitter junky......
I love spending time wit ME, but when i start goin dwn memory lane then it gets rough...
Ser libre es significado de no tener obligaciiones !
Tomorrow is going to be the longest day ever...
The concept of life and life itself is od
Can today be over already?!
iamchris7 Master Fiddle let me down too but you have just made me win £57!!!
s_kinsella1 and since when did you follow millsmackintosh so closely to be monitoring her mentions
The new Kardashian show looks pretty fake.. I mean kim crying in the previews? We all know by now that she has no soul..
Can't wait for my first basketball game on Tuesday!
ate an entire medium pizza all by myself. Now im gonna try and nap off this headache. fat depressed //_-
AP Physics done! Pre cal to go... Great.. I heard it was impossible
Can't wait for Volleyball season
Okay cool its 11/11/11. We get it now stop tweeting about it;
Reunited with my bffff littleblondie96 !
Just discovered I was ghetto as a child
debsy23 Ahhh i love the Geordie accent!!
Putting up the christmas tree today
J'aime la façon dont vous me regardez < 3
Easy_E_17 is getting his hair cut real quick by our boy CanesBARBER then off to raw sushi
Been getting txts & calls all morning Love :)
Can't wait for tomorrow to be over & to be on the train to Manchester... then to move back home next week with the fam for Christmas
ATB for Saturday afternoon naps.
homeworkkkkkk date :) ...my favorite kind!
I don't even want to be here anymore...
Maddsterrrss RobynRRansmeier Madison is slow. It's okay everyone
chickfila breakfast and CSI Miami, i could really use more of these mornings! :)
jebediah9 if we get a nice crowd like that almost every home game that would me Love!!!
Who is catching up with poop on the face? ahn? who is? YOUUUU
Say Yes To The Dress: hot consultant dude. sadly, if he's this into fashion; I think he's gay.
I love friday morning. Traditional breakfast incl poratha, mutton karhai, chicken fry & omlete and karak tea.
I'll never hurt u b/c I won't lie n tell u I love u when I'm NOT ready
Why did I jst see a school bus?
I have a better ass than most of these ladies
OMG! GLEEonFOX just killed it w/ HallAndOats YouMakeMyDreamsComeTrue mashup! hitRECordJoe, you wouldve been proud! Love!
Happy a nice time with the fam today! Lots of food and laughter
Hope I get to see you thereRT ItzAngie_DotCom: I will be in Chicago nxt week at this time woot woot excited!
its embarrassing when you have a rate status and only two people like it
My life has changed because of that. That's why I encourage each of you to give thanks EVERY DAY!
I miss my beard *sigh
Starting new Job in the am! Can't wait! Now I just hope this sleep aid kicks in and I can have a good nights rest! :)
My card being declined because it was being used at 5AM some place in London? Ok mom. I couldn't sleep so I was online shopping.
Athol highschool football looked terrible today.
“iLikeitHarmsWay That beauty rush lip gloss from Victoria secret >”
AND OH GOLLY IT'S ALMOST THE START OF ACT 6, do you think it will be posted at midnight or shortly after!?
Got something in my eye......
Making quick decisions without talking to each other is what ruined everything.
Looking forward to receiving my Christmas card from OneBean11 ...apparently CharlieGalhidi went a little crazy w/ the decorating!
its snowing and i still had an iced cappuccino
can't wait till i have my own classroom
Definitely Did Not Sleep At All Last Night.... Woke... Heart Hurts, Back Hurts, I'm Get Old Fast Cause Of No Sleep.
Free trip to NOLA, I have cash to gamble with, and the WSOP circuit event is here, and it's partytime for our company
Cj sluit me op in de kast en zegt ' u bloked me on facebook now u gonna die' Hahahah
orangemous I think you should listen to Britney bitch!
carne asada, cheese, sour cream, & french fries.
Fuck it... Going to bed.. cant wait for tomorrow night spending it with the most amazing person ever!! :)
No Christian Junk Mail I will not buy the new Susan Boyle album!
Got an important phone call, feel relieved and
Theirs nothing like waking up with a smile on your face
New haircut didn't help for shit on that test.. what the hell.
I'm really mad because the girls upstairs have gone to far..but I'm at breaking dawn so its a little better
PRETTYqrlMorgan girl NOOOO you don't. They all jus problems anyway. We got better things to look forward too
If you're happy and you know it, retweet!  :)
that really just ruined my good mood ! -__-
goin through a town, and come to a red stop light. immediately sigh/start cursing it out. annoying!
I think i know what i am finally going to major in
Feel like shit, shit mood, not going to london anymore,
Forbes 3 more years until I'm 30. justsayin ;) ;)
i wish unsubscribing from you worked in real life
I hate how my twitter doesn't notify me when someone mentions me in a tweet
I wanna go back to Nola already
Just had to ask the man working the next store over to open my water bottle for me
I got 10 more followers today :)
Brightlights should not just illuminate your heart and soul but the next step in your path
Why does twitter keep changing my picture back?! I'm not with her anymore! She's annoying as fuck and i change it for a reason
MrChrisRene goodnight beautiful in every aspect of the word mindbodyandsoul, night
I hate when people straighten their hair but dont do the back
High glamour,authentic cuisine tonight at Le Cirque restaurant Leela Palace,New Delhi. Flawless attentive service, total perfection!
ysk1989: We welcome our dear friend and philosopher Skipper_Manoj to Bhagya nagaram Hyderabad..... excited.
Lushh ankle boots just ordered for christmas yayayay
Miss getting Goodmorning messages..
In my place, in my place Were lines that I couldn't change I was lost, oh yeah Oh yeah
ThisIsNickkk  was you with me when i told Mr Kahn about my IT resit? He's saying i never told him & it's too late now!
MembersOnlyFun always brings that heat thedopeparty
Bout to delete this family feud app. I'm tired of it blowin up my phone telling me to finish some1's fast money round lol
This is my angry tweet at WittleWessie for stealing my chips :(
Dominic loves sports, not dolls
i may have boat loads of homework, but thats okay cus i got my ChrisYoungMusic playlist going love <3
abbyglassenberg I tend to unfollow people like that.
Celebrate with family was awesome. So many hearts were touched by God's love this weekend.
Just open Christmas cards from my bestie followingthis and my mom. So lovely.
Im excited about xmas... Not for the presents, but spending time with my whole family!
Needa Get Yo Own Money, You 20 & JUSTED Moved Out Sad  -06 .16 .10 .
I can do soo much better .
joenbcmorningjoemorningmika 7 to 7.30 segment painful to watch. Bash Obama ad nauseam with faulty logic and GOP bias. No dem voice.
Hate it when my mom crys
My nail polish is already chipped!
Can't wait to see the shoe rockin this sat! king_hyde34 DPo8 BOOMHERRON1 Travishoward_7 BradRoby25 BraxtonMiller5 excited gobucks!
I feel like that comment was about me and it's been bothering me all morning. I don't really know what to do about it, either.
aMurph007 get back to the playoffs
NatalieGrissom id be lost with out my best friend...I may not have gotten thanksgiving dinner but at least I have her
HOW MANY THUMBS DOWN BEFORE PANDORA REALIZES TO QUIT PLAYING THE KILLERS ON MY STATIONS!?
Ken_Ken_23 I no me llevas a comer contigo :/
Apparently there was a problem with my groping. Let's see if they do it again.
So happy with the way things are going in my life. My man, my little men, my family, my job, things couldn't get much more perfect :)
lauraalexander1 Just turned in my last final!!! Oh ... wait ... I have to grade 400 Physics I finals before I can go home?
I'm too full.
Why can't I fall asleep, I'm exhausted.
Why is everyone at Disney today!?! THIS IS NOT FAIR.
why is Denetrea Kelly on the radio trying to win jeezy tickets ....
Just keep waiting, just keep waiting, just keep waiting, waiting, waiting.
Free bagel from panera. check. now homeward bound! What up Piedmont?!?
4 days to xmas
Please don't break me again.
“k_rATEd10: «sImplY_divInE90 k_rATEd10 i thought yu was doin yo hair this weekend??»lazy lol”<<
In a bad mood.
I Wish I Had A Boyfriend For Xmas He Would Have Been
Truth «CassieAnne34 Ppl be puttin on for twitter.  Embarrassing»
People who think theyre hard asses .
Scratch that... Pizza inn now :) early birthday celebration
Got 2 HauteLook packages today - opened them up to find a ring missing a stone & a makeup kit's mirror smashed.
I recieved the laugh of the night...
asaluj ur still in finals? sad :(
That awkward moment when you totally misunderstand the directions given to u
Can't wait for the And if our God is for us concert with christomlin and louiegiglio Saturday!
wang1121 lmao actually I got one in 8th grade...but it only smells funny after its curled it's the weirdest thing !
Hot date with my babe tonight!
Well JoePantano06 is off to Tennessee..
I swear he honks his horn at every other car
Still in shock that HungryAsdeWolff lost 20 pounds in a month. Proud of you man.
Just download some music on amazon =) Happy !
So happy I put the case on my phone today... I dropped 5 times, and one of the times it rolled down the stairs
lovely lie-in in the morning
Half day Friday!
This 47 year old guy in work is reading the news paper and he reads like he's in 5th grade. sad.
Man United, just score...
ssaig My device will be one of the first to get a build!
jotapelanzani Supuestamente en el boliche bailaron juntos , Eso se dice  
An A in Borneman's class!
Can't even wait for tonight it's been too long. excited!
i caqnt wait until tonight, going to a ball with the boyfriend :D
BCS standings are not to my liking nor the heisman top 5 choices.
chegando na hr de comeeeeeer *-*
So ready to graduate and be at _goministries joshandlace !!
Happy thanksgiving. So thankful for my amazing family and friends. thankful.
The fact that ppl are in college and have at least a high school diploma & they are still spelling simple words wrong Ex yhu for you..!
Who beats Tebow? The DetroitLions do.
Turbo_LOL yea but this us new, every time I pull away I get a poxy buzz rattle
Missed the Real World Reunion . ughh!
plzDBLcupMe...I thought it was strawberry cuz it was pink. But it was regular ol 1%
Had a voucher refund for my last VirginTrain fare cos service was terrible but couldn't use it online & now the price has gone up!
Sleeeeeepy time now, though.  St Johns instant decision day tomorrow! Woo
“Who’s that?” “What are they doing?” “What’s happening?”; “Shut up and watch the movie”..
I remember LivinGoodLaLa came 2 c me in rehab,dey had me baking cookies wit these old ladies
Keeps saying she'll find some time to take me to get it.. and has been saying that since the beginning of fucking October
Tut. Cheryl's just been over at mine. I Frankie Cocozza'd her and then was told it was actually Cher Lloyd.
kieraboulware i have no idea on how to wrap presents
Why does my phone not send texts to certain people!
I feel  bad about things which aren't in my control..
pattylaurel patrickfilart hahah! Thank youu!! :) we'll all be dancing come January!  Exciting 010512 danitabuena JRPE1512
bout to get my L's hopefully
The Scarlet letter is getting old real fast..allwe'vedoneforamonth
Now today i get on and something is up with the system urgg! Getting me irritated.
Blåmärken på hela kroppen, tack goa FP3 för en galen gårdag!
Football, food, and family...
Breaking Dawn tonight<33
There is at least 10 sunflower seats in every bag that has got to be just a salted dog turd
Really teacher, no one cares about your personal issues. Please move and stop being annoying
K i know i look like a homeless person right now but u dont all need to stop, stare and frown
katrinak please stop ridiculing me
i love suprises even when im not home to relize i got a suprise :P
Youd think if a person doesn't answer you after ten texts you'd get the hint they don't wanna talk to you.Whats wrong with people
Seeing Owl City Saturday with one of my very best friends :)
“RawkMySoxx Blessed with a day I wasn't promised thankful”
Smart Functions on my new Droid seemed cool, but not a necessity at the store. Now I don't know of I could live without them!
scoopmakhathini I'm glad u good. I was checking up on u. I must say your blog TailoredTheBlog you & AnelisaMangcu work hard! Proud!
MichelleTuyooo ah i gotcha i gotcha ... that bitch still laid down the law though lol
Age doesn't matter about Love.
Haven't gotten out of bed yet
puke in my mouth
Dang dis dude crunchin hard as hell on these chips
leearenberg Ps. Enjoying POC 2 while deciding upon food!
Gonna re-do my room
Spell Check Should Just Correctly Spell What Im Thinking
maavelous Saw that you guys won yesterday....and that you scored a try! Omedeto, Ma'a-san! Happy ;)
Im gone start calling lames- rashes cause they irritating AF
6 boys 1car lolRT _itsJustZOEExo: doing the washing machine in the car today with 2omf >>>>>> LOVE <3
daviiwheels will always be my buddy  :]
I didn't think shitty weather and rain could put this much of a damper on Christmas spirit. Mix that with finals an you get
<3 I finally starting to feel like myself again slowly but Surly =) only took like 2 years xD
Is going to be one proud daddy later when my Liam is greatly honoured to be laying the poppy reef in the remembrance day ceremony
Omfg get off facebook already ! annoyed .
Can 1 1/2 months take any fucking longer?
Goodnight everyone. God loves you so be
ddsnorth Interesting definition of entitlements. Did he also crap gold plated pensions for MPPs?
I got a nice bottle of red & a variety of tasty cheeses ready for a lazy night in. Remembered I'm going out.
I hate talking in front of large groups of people
I was wondering if everybody heard that amber alert but i know now ....
I love fall and my boyfriend
FightingIrishND I used to love ND's tradition but now its hard to watch with their dumb looking helmets and losing by 21
Ohhh my gosh this guy is playing all the good songs
Waiting on my grades to go online
damn. I evaded the freshman 15 bc I lived at home that year, but now I live here so I'm getting it now!
p_tay Haha, I love an amazingly bad trailer!
Just cleaned the entire house for no reason & started my laundry
All these commercials for Black Friday get me all
Wish my frend was woke I really need to tell him this bs bot him nd hersad af
Also, riprowan, you're a trooper. Thanks for doing that long, late-night drive while suffering from the flu/bronchitis/the jank.
Happy Children's Day 2 all Childrens out there. Many childrens r still deprived of basic necessities. May God Bless dem wid all
how am i even supposed to concentrate on homework now
no one to text,
My first subscription issue of thewordmagazine arrived the other day. Settling down with a nice strong cuppa to have a read now
Just watched all of the Wrong Turns...
Tired of being second best
Blessed to see another day
I've seriously torn my room apart twice
hate when this happens
Yay! I can finally sleep in.Past 2 AMs woke up early! Had a fun night. Got my dr appt out da way, next ultrasound&sonogram :)
I think I'm getting a blister on my thumb from hobby whittling
Why does this always happen?
so these shirts for carver vs central game gon be $15
little_emz_123 Get this theres this woman who is spending her grans retirement money on looking likeAmyChildsSAD!!!
WHY, oh why are tickets for daraobriain 's 2012 Norwich show not on sale anywhere yet? I MUST HAVE ONE!
justinbieber Wow! I love the video AlliWantforChristmasIsYou. I LOVE HOW YOU DANCE!, I LOVE THE MUSIC, I LOVE EVERYTHING! PROUD 29
I've gotta hangovaaa woahhhh I've been drinking too much fo shooooo
I pitty those who lack a conscience. Just know on judgement day, you will pay for your sins.
Bringing a guest to church in the morning(:
16 days until The Dark Knight Rises trailer shall be here!
& with every tear u bring me 2 he turns around and make me smile but yet I still wants u
I started a fire all by myself :D
My sister won't shut up.
I think I becoming
Heading to the London Palladium for Macmillan Centenary Gala excited xxx
Fuck you and everyway i felt with you
bad weekend in football 0-3 for my favorite teams:(
Grey's Anatomy is probably the most brilliant tv show I've ever watched.
Jeezys 103 isn't a classic thought it wud be a lot betta
I got 3 class a day..
I must admit, I'm a little HomeSick...
Having a bad day ..
Pisses me off that I can't sleep past eight but then want to take naps all day -_-
i havent been able to watch any of The 25 Days Of Christmas because of basketball and uhm... HOMEWORK. EFFUUUU
&& No One On Thiss Earth Compares To Her , I Love My Mommy :))
My mom is so inappropriate!
I'm so blessed.
Good job! Thank you based godRT LexiLightBright: Goodmorningg Twitter . I'm actually up on time  :)
Homeroom is a waste of my time....
I finally get my car back tonight!
Just took my first ever muscle relaxer to put me to sleep.
that awesome moment you know you found a keeper :)
Christmas break Christmas break Christmas break!!
People that connect their facebook to twitter should not be allowed to own any electronical device at all.
Bourney36 amzlar haha I know I seem to keep eating everyone god knows y
fredcj93 and shes fit in it!!
Some grade 8 duds make me laugh gonnagetrolledchamp grade11year excited:)
tomorrow is december 1st. and the christmas countdown begins
Trying to study for the ACT.
Guess I'ma lay here and text you until I fall asleep.
Through it all im still
FYI... My mom is the coolest. She sees me strugglin and is trying her best to help me out.
On my way to my interview nervous af
24 days till Christmas!
I need a massage
Ahh I want my share for the packers to come in Alreaddy!!
I'm still beside myself. Free Candy AND Tanger!?
meghannx22 Your mommmy saidyou were going to SMC, so I looked for you..you weren't there.
First official day of work today :-)  excited!!!!!!!!
Sigh.. PA today.. depression lol
I just want to sleep my life away right now..
I'll babysit all night if it means not going home
I can watch VH1 and sing along all day
LittleBabyDee LondiBridge kelgo1 the_broj slizzy47 Srothball urifan28 We were NOT chosen for the twit pic contest
I hate it when Pandora for my iPhone freezes
This Friday should be live
Bring it on: the musical? What is broadway coming to
At the Triad to support my sis DionneFiggins :)
Lost a game of sorry to a six year old!
He gave me another chance to get it right!!!
Going to be an unreal night :)
i would really like it if you had a twin..or even a clone. clone would be preferred. but i'd get you. They can have your clone.
awkmoment when ur in a silent studyhall blasting music but didnt knw others could hear it
Had a freaking awesome dream..sad that it won't happen
Me n my baby slept til 12 15...
The trip home so long new hampshire
Oomf gon b crackin UP when they get both of them pictures i sent. Lmmfao, I soooo embarrassed! Lol.
Simplyy_Brandy lol...you stupid brandy. ahaa ! that is >>YOUR<< boo. :) lol. tomorrow is friday !!!! ahhhhh !
Omg jeff just txted me i havent heard from him in almost 2 years!!!God is good i miss my manager he taught me the jewelry business
dad and I rocking brad paisley
SMOOTHone155 its sad how my world revolves about food now
Iam here in NC, homesick,while LilTunechi enjoying my hometown.
I hate driving with my parents and they try to tell me how to drive
The taus did great at their serenade!!! heartsmelted proud BetaThetaPi_GL
iARAerrs Goodnight ! Thank yuuu soooo muuch and also to my no twitter friends ANA JHEN ! :*
I love when I'm asked about my relation to other Fedewas and people actually know my family
ssheere01 Doing my best but am losing passion for this city. Seeing and smelling destruction everywhere is rough.
KerryWy is coming to pharm ball
Another TaskRabbit task. Alex ferreted my stuff between two offices with the skill of an Olympian riding on the wings of a Pegasus.
InvictusDay oh. Always. This is safest crew I run with.
Just got home from Walmart. Said I wouldn't go, but I couldn't have my mama do it alone.  She got her a laptop, and me a Xbox( -:
BrianDuensing52 Fans are going to miss Kubel, Cuddyer and Nathan.  :(
I think that by the end of the day i might not be single anymore
She's just going to college for her MRS degree.
I am really in a good place right now....
Day off!! Lazy morning then family brunch neighbourhooduk , sunny park and an afternoon of Batman
samffa galuccitime you guys and your conversations..
Gonna be up all night...damn naps..
I wish I was smart and didn't have to study or work hard like some people....
i think i wanna marry you BrunoMars
So grateful for people in my life who encourage me and understand the hardships of ministry.
Fun with the Onion: Rich White Guy Purchases Strong Black Guy To Help Him Out In The Field
lcanne thanks friend!!Goodnight..weeehhhh excited :))
Life's filled with
Can I ever win?
Tera hone laga hu .... Enjoying this song
Wrapping my xmas presents like smithy from gavin and stacey this year... In tin foil..
“BeLLa_kOi: HeyitsKevinD I haven't gone to bed :( nd I still got 6hrs to go :s” 6 hours to go?? What time did you start at
9% battery and my phone charger is so far away
NatAchon if that doesn't make ur night i dunno what does! love!
I want my phone to update already.. Annoyed.
6 days till I see the Doctor:)
can't wait till I get my new phone
When attractive males ignore me... sad :(
thanksgiving break is over
Being ignored is so
This Jagger song is getting really really
Many people want to contact their ex after a breakup. It could be that they want to repair the relationship and give ...
So my 2000th tweet goes to the best man over the world, God!!! Without him, I wouldnt be what I am today!
my mums telling me about how and why her brother died.
Just had a lunchables with an extra piece of meat and no cracker to go with it
MakeEmGo_WUWUWU mmm i hate you so much! leave me hanging! now i got to walk to class by myself..
Feel like shit but finally in bed
Cleaned my entire dorm and bathroom
Just read some really sad inboxes from 2 years ago...
My mom is so annoying. If I don't answer your first question why would you keep asking me more questions?
Happiness is like an unexpected hug  
This is the best bun I've ever tied my hair into so far.
Thick cloudy white nut drippin from his penis hole onto my chocolate cheek
sometimes some things are better left unsaid
Gonna go ahead and just relax tonight
fredccole stop lying u told me that u missed me and can't wait to see me again!!!!! On train now so I'll see u later.
Can't wait to see drewryniewicz on the Xfactor finale tomorrow onlyreason I'm watchin ;)
TommGrey he give it to her after, didnt you see his tweet?
Äter polkagrisklubba nu, varför heter det polkaGRIS, tror dom att de är likt en gris? För de är de verkligen inte!!
All I do at work is color or play kick ball
You can tell the Paterson commercials from the professional ones on tv!
Deprogrammer9 Google I'm having a hard time dealing with the world we're living in these days.
ABDC6 Reruns all day (:
That moment when someone retweets one of your tweets.
Need to find my prom dress, I've wanted a baby blue one for years, now everyone is getting a bloody baby blue one
my GM text & Happy Thanksgiving text from mi amor was absolutely beautiful :)  
As we practice practically loving those around us-the Love of God is perfected in us. (See John 13:34-35, 1John 2:3-6 & 4:17-19)
I just wish everything can go back to the way it was cause life really ain't good right now
ohemgee <--i remember when Demi tweeted this! Haha I had to sound it out and I finally figured out it meant OMG! lol
Tying to send out my thanksgiving tweets and txt but the itis is holding me back
Time to see breaking dawn :o
What do I do??!? 
I thank God for every day he allows me to have.
Come February 5th ... Downtown Indianapolis is going to be CRAZAAAYYYY! excited !! :)
Wtf?! really?! ( ) every fckn 10 minutes?! you're killing me!!!!
Love is a lot like dancing-you just surrender to the music.dance love quote..
well thats cool i guess
That moment when your awake BEFORE your alarm clock!!
justinbieber YOU DID AMAZING AT THE AMAS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I can smell the turkey
Yall bitches still be going to Gogo's that's
And so the waiting begins. nervous.
rossness2024 that's called dedication. I hate books.  proud.
my computer knows me so well
McRib not all its cracked up to be...disappointment...
His giving me mixed signals & I don't get along with mixed signals
goofballhenson you barely left me any earlier!
Waiting on a call you know you're not gonna get
missypav sure is!!! Altho had today off so managed to get henparty bits sorted
Tomorrow will be crazy..
“PoeticStarChild: spitingame you are appreciated :)” thank you, but so are you!
gotta stay focus dnt knw wat got 2 me wen i wrote my exam 2day
I thought it was hoes over bros ?
«weed2_succeed if your parents acutally stuck by you while you were young.. be thankful»
i feel like i have to sneeze for the past 20 mins..
ajkampwerth no kidding.. She knows it and just act dumb about it! It will happen eventually
So oomf got another baby on da way
Ultima lezione di fashion system con la Braga
getting gas for $2.89
Wow, the browns are playing a Thursday night game and are going to get killed.
Love how everyone else gets a choice in what's for dinner!
Vegas for New Years? I think so! :)
The best family and the best friends!
Ugh hate it when people text while on the phone
About to shower n lay down!
Both of todays exams were a piece of piss, now off christmas shopping with mum
A soulmate is not two souls with two hearts combined; but rather two souls with one heart intertwined
The salt & butter is extremely limited lol I have concurred my fear of popcorn
..if you're not bleeding, vomiting, or on fire, chill out and stop crying.
You are really really really really so dumb. So dumb. So dumb. So..
and its embarrassing to know that there are people out there who live to make fun of other people. GET A LIFE.
never smoked , never had sex , never drunk . Proud !
I Dont Know Why I Try Anymore. :(
how am I having such a good day when I have so much work to do? confused happiness :D
just missed man u vs the hoops on
Tired of hearing about weddings
I'm a fan of happyendings.
Macy's interview today...
does Centerville high school know how to send transcripts whatstakingsolong?!
When someone who knows you beeps at you and shouts your name out of the car window :-|
YEEEY!! PROM TONIGHT xx
I'm sick and tired of people not following up with their word.
staceyleger wearing ma new shades today
can't help it
jobondra22 mikaylaann_20 obviously I don't
6 days till Christmas & 9 days till I see fam from SA
Only 4 days until I am done and 5 days until I am home :) <3
you are the least of my worries. you're not even a worry. your a dumb hoe, that's what you are to me.
HOLY SHIT I didn't even recognize joelmchale in the dean getup, but it sort of started to work for me
There are a million words in the English language, and about 20 bad ones. Can't you use the 999,980 words that are good?
Happy Thanksgiving to all!!!
:[ My lips hurt SO bad and I lost my egg.. I dunno where I put it. skfdjsjfhdsjfkdjhsdfjsdjksdfjksdjueyrugbafnsflkweh
I got an allergic reaction to something today. Hand is swollen, red and numb, joy -.-
Ok, am sat & ready - bring it on! eddireader
I just want someone to be there again. lonely.
Running the 500 on Saturday.
Will some one in england wake up. I need to talk to one of you
Sex in the city
Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. -Golda Meir
brooklynVSD I know you like your Starbucks. You got to find a student who works there. I just got a free latte!
Its a YEAASH for saturdaay fools<3 malldate with ooohangiee & JaneiSimone EXCITED!
walmart and yummy foods with greg.
I'd love to flying kick these kids on my bus
Just in one of those moods
I hate when I see people eating by themselves
Feel like dying...just to ease the pain...
I'm Gettin Off Of Twitter Moeee BYE
Have the fake snow up in my room, the greeting decoration and the grass up in my room :D Christmas tree goes up tomorrow! :D
Just inna bad mood , for no reason .   Tomorrow come a lot sooner & end quickly.
I think I'll watch the audio commentaries next. Most of these new shows just aren't doing it for me.
Flockaveli1223 I miss you lots.
How do you loose power in a gianormous stadium?
rzrachelzoe ugh i missed a chance at meeting one of my idols at Nordstrom in PA :(
19 more days till Christmas!
Dope_IsDubb my point exactly bro but good game we kno state title is ours
Just got my Xmas outfit for tonight! Happy birthday Snyderman25
YAS! knew they'd do it!
Dear StonegateChurch,  I love worshipping Jesus w/ you. The end.   - kev
Why do people feel like they need attention 24/7
why does my iPhone and MAC always go flat at the same time?!?!
Why is Starbucks always out of peppermint
People that say a saying in the previous posters/commenters comment/post are copying bastards.
LiLauRaED im sorry. i cried too.
Chelsea vs Liverpool: Tables have turned - Chelsea fully in control of second half ... Liverpool looking vulnerable&need to regroup
OnlyUglyPeople get upset that this is trending...
Looks like no Basketball.
I love growing up and moving forward to newer greater things :)
justinbieber . All I want For Christmas Is You, because you can make a beautiful christmas! Thank you that you are! . LOVE .14
Tricking myself into thinking im having fun studying
All my prezzies are under the tree
Just Had a talk with My mum , gonna dye My hair dark Brown really soon and then next year Im gonna be blonde!
If ur gonna come come if ur not pick up the phone n let someone know.
nothin like watchin my Ants play football on this thanksgiving morning...
Baking 4 different cakes
Yeah... I just broke my alarm clock :s no idea what to do now...
ONE HOUR GUYS ONE HOUR TILL OUR LOVELY MissAmyChilds IS BACK ON OUR SCREENS
DramaticGinger He has his shirt off in the beginning but that's about it
In a good mood today!(:
Going to bed because I am SUPER tired. Night.  
Leroy already screwed up! Bahahaha poor guy
My iPhone is organized af proud.
MrAthletic_Bc23 awww. i didnt know u cud b nice.
mrcheddaboy: thekhevocalist I love khela u should to go get her single walk with me. On itunes right now. <- Aww! Thank you, Fam! Love <3
Can't even concentrate...SO FREAKING UPSET!
not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today
The kid infront of me has beeen wearing the same clothes all month
Giants vs. the Cowgirls today.
going to see breaking dawn again like friday :DD
Im getting tired of hearing Yo Gotti!!
You know what that means.. I get my gloves! Yeah man, no more cold fingers.
Collapse. How could I be that stupid?
Thinking about some of the memories I had with you and actually cracking up, I miss my bestfriend
F*ck you laptop, f*ck you!!
Adobe Premiere CS5 to be exact too. Won't stop crashing.
The IdeazPrize  will be airing on MTVLebanon on Sunday December 18 at 9.15pm! (directly after the news)
I can't believe Terre haute doesn't have an ice skating rink!
Singleeeee and gonna stay this way for a while
WOOH, Maria Aragon sang the Philippine National Anthem perfectly! :{)
On the ones and twos therealdjksr doing it up. Congrats.
About to put the Christmas tree up!
Outta school early, one more day!
Every time I paint my nails, I always smudge them!
Hhfmskiufx so excited omgg I can't wait for tomorrow. My sister comes home<3333333     # sisterlove
beyonce waaw! you can still shake it when your preggers!!
Got my FIRST informational letter from the US Air Force Academy!
This is my first Bombers home playoff game, ever.
Gone boo make your $7.50 at your lil career u call a job....
Alexis told me he was gonna go walk I said ok its been like 2hours and he hasn't come back
These 6:00 alarms are killing me for circuit training especially when I can never sleep at night even though I'm shattered
About to be 17, have my license and my grammpy is picking me up from school
door heyitsroby_  kreeg  is +jes ,
I wish every household was supplied with a lie detector!
tomorrow is much needed. reuniting with everyone i miss & love so much. excited :)
interesting how you can dish it out but can't take it yourself.
edsheeran haven't tweeted you before only about my bestfriends but I really love you ed! You a seriously big talent! So PROUD muchlove x
We are the creators of our own reality.
Putting my artwork in my new portfolio
Watchin my sister try and do a chinup
Just had the coolest thanksgiving present ever walk through my door... A surprise visit from zman1977 sister and Fam!
ArianaGrande I hate everytime that I see: Ariana Grande isn't following you... depressing!
Guess ima call it a night. Love you girl.
why do people pu their bbms on twitter?do they wanna be spammed?
briannadoylee ahhhh i cant effing wait to see you! miss you<3
justinbieber  UnderTheMistletoe is amazing !!! follow back please ?? love ya ..proud 31
harrys_cats HarrysThongs Good idea is what I call that. A+ to myself.
BB a bira slow /:
kinq_Siah  agreed. I cant figure out how to get notifications on my fone tho.
I have an OnRepeat playlist on Spotify that has been playing ryanadams & matesofstate all week.
Lord I thank u for sparing me 1 more un promised day & for your grace & mercy that's kept me!
Can see the pacific ocean and the golden gate bridge from within a block of my new apartment
Children's hospital friday:)
3 more minutes til 11:11:11 11/11/11 :D
just got home and checked the score of the Jaguars game...holy crap.
have a nice, warm mug of tea and sat watching cooking show with mum
ayyo_kyle It froze for da 1st time
His name is Ramone! omg....
brady_powell I thought it sounded cool...
I just slept for 3 hours and I don't feel very well...
NowPlaying Candice Alley - Falling. Seriously.
Why am I up? Ahhhhhh This Flu Rage!
Just one more day! Excited!
Just caught masonhamilton11 trying to drink his drink with the cap on it....
Why text me if your not going to text me back?
Here's my question of the day...wtf was sam hurd doing buying $500,000 worth of drugs. Your some little kids role model. Smh
patrick_coccaro oops my bad I was two off... I don't know I was so
glee is equivalent to
we gone talk all nite long
Knowing that I'm gonna have to basically force someone to make a hard decision within the near future is making me nervous
Oh how I love being stalked. You send me multiple messages everyday for three weeks and I haven't answered you. TAKE A HINT.
So many hot boys last night but I stood my ground even with a little green apple in me! proud goodgirlproblems goodgrlproblems
I wish I was somewhere else right now...
Always when i tweet to justinbieber he is offline n he doesn't read my tweets n he follows other fans but not me ;( it's not fair sad 2
Looking forward to the end of this week. It's gonna be awesome!
Gretel @ 5 and next one up Marta @ 7 so I was 6 when I first watched Sound Of Music. Now I am 10 years past Leisel @ the top
I just found some hair in my lemonade >_<  Disgusted,
san carlos and piccolinos tonight with FernBrunskill HopeMartin_xx and jesshughesxx
Every moment you get is a gift. Spend it on things that matter. Don’t spend it by dwelling on unhappy things. Quote ;) HaPpy ;) Life ;)
Ew, you're so stupid...you're really gonna complain that i have my window open, dumb bitch leave me the hell alone! annoyed....
Love Is What Make This WorldWork,Love For Music,For Money,For Technology,For Power,For Entertaining...LOVE!
sitting by yourself at a basketball game..... <
Shopping then katies partttty later (:
Älskar full PL omgång! Okej, ja kan inte se mer än en match.Men de värmer i hjärtat att veta att så många fler får sin onsdag förgylld
Damn it's after 12 and I'm still up.
18 minuuten met xkuswendy gebeld, alles even bijgekletst
Soooo my job was robbed and shot up last night! I am so happy and thankful I was sent home. It was nobody, but GOD
Rehearsal was fullout thank you TheBrooklynJai for letting me be part of your carnival piece...
Honestly scare out of my mid for tomorrow.
I just love sitting at home all day by myself.
Why does twitter take soo long to load sometimes -____-
Marmite cheddar bites on oat biscuits are out of this world!!  
What you're doing is terrible and you should be ashamed of the feelings you cause her to have.
My ride / partner in crime for today is delayed 2 and a half hours.
tak lawak lngsung , tak sweet langsung . you are not intersted bcause you are surrounded by interesting people
pink_lEMMAnade too bad skype didn't work
Count your blessings, not your problems... Thankful.
basketball game with Mandy!!!
See you in my nightmares
A REAL RELATIONSHIP: has fights, trust, faith, tears, pain, argument, patience, secrets, jealousy & LOVE.
I haven't tweeted all day!
...live on the iPhone, and a Lagunitas Cappuccino Stout. Now Surley Abrasive and The Walking Dead. Maybe a bit of Skyrim soon.
i love how my hait looks great when im not going anywhere...
Home alone alllll day.
On my way to handle business, and then to relax with my hubby and children
Guys confuse the living piss out of me!
I would like to got to bed with sand on my toes on my 78th birthday. My mother did :)
I always get so excited buying those prepackaged things from sobey's produce, but I ALWAYS end up being disappointed :(
“ItsP00hnRelly “thickTHIGHS_ME ...I JUS WANNA BE HAPPY””
Yay! Mini sleep in till 8.30am, miss 3 off to swimming with hubs, now to get baby to bed & it's all me for a whole 45mins!
LastKing1016 don't you frown at me! It's your own fault!
hey_hayl wow fine guess ill have something more important to do tonight instead of coming over
wtf my dogs are so strong! they always open my door...
being woken up at 11:30 just to find out that you cant help in this situation...
JayTheWanted ...why do you need a wooden hand..? What are you proposing going to do with it..??
ew.. i hate rainy weather
justinbieber i find it but i didn't win :( --- :) but a lot of kids will be happy this christmas!! that makes me happy 45
Good Morning er'body!
God was lookin out for me! NO JOKE!!
bjh123 never been tweeted before.
Just made my dad check in all the rooms to see if there's someone there because ima be alone again soon :L
I was offered a ticket to t in the park. Thought hey why not! Asked my mum she said no...
i dnt kno wat todo who wants some JOY im given it away free
yet to get out of bed
There goes my baby
Happiness is running through the streets of Macau as the sun comes up. Then plunging in my 12ft pool in my suite
None of these TM103 downloads are working.
Don't take for granted what you have ....not everything lasts forever
I can't wait for Christmas eve dinner Italian style
I hate to see her ass coming
All smiles this way!!!! ;)
Tinkster21 idk wtf is wrong, been trying to invite you for the last 2 hrs and fb is just not letting me
Lmao @ drama, twitter drama at that
OK iPhone VM system ticking me off. Got notification of new VM today when it was left Tuesday afternoon. Important one too.
i just lost two followers...
All around good day :)
Me a encantado ver cuando Mama Jan a enseñado las marcas en la puerta del crecimiento de Justin...
peter andre in the jungle...again.
Less then a week. Ahhh.  excited. icantwait.
Who wants too rip my eyes out?
I remember going to one of dese WholeTime ZaelWorld
Shopping on Newbury aawwwllll day
Snow? You know what that means? Time for all the FB people to forget the same thing happened last year. And all the years before.
Uugghh! A lot of these single mothers out here give us moms that are doin the dang thing a bad name!
Doesn't matter that I don't know all the words to Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas. I sound GOOD.
You know the asshole who always makes stupid/inappropriate remarks to the waitress when they're at a family table?
1pm can't get here fast enough. Bring on the weekend...
There seem to be a lot of hangovers out there today! Not me! Am off to RAG for carols and then Kensington Roof Gardens
Are you fucking serious right now?!
I've take action to get her back. Now depends on her decision.
One of my favorite things about twitter.. MensHumor tweets,
My thanksgiving break waz gud now im ready 2 go see my baby brooklynkidd53  :) 2nite.. I miss him
OK..IT'S SUPPOSE TO SNOW!! UGHH FUCK,
I love having no school
Aking4997 u hVent tweeted imwithyou 500 times today
Its not how big or small you are on the outside but rather how big or small you are on the inside heart and
Off to the casting
Brand new iPhone 4. Yeah!!!
I'm pretty mad at CW_Supernatural right now. I saw it coming but still...
That text from cassbliss just made my night love lol
so sick of the people I work with
3 days of school for me this week. Can't wait until next week. Boyfriend comes home. Black Friday shopping. Getting my iPhone.
Date party tonight and Bedlam tomorrow, pretttty exciting weekend if ya ask me  
I am over here on the phone w/ bf giving him exact directions on frying his chicken;
I swear my mom pisses me off so bad sometimes!
Smell like straight up weed in my mama car lol I think its me smh
The point of headphones is so yu can hear your music not everyone around you ugh
ookyyypage fuckitiquit thought this was the band
Sooo I'm in the Opening And Finale for the show on Friday :)
tomorrow i'll be having dinner with some Japanese friends.
Wow. First class dismissed super early
I feel real bad for Greg Oden so much talent unfullfilled due to injuries
_Miss_Liana_ oH... and by tHe way... LOVE tHe use of H in your tweets to me!  H is for Happy!  ;)
I rest my head every night feeling like there were significantly more great moments in my day than bad 1s...God's been blessing me
Yay for free stuff at the game!
I had an amazing day
Thanks to ShirleyTerpstra For following me Number 1111
If my dad gives me another smartass answer imma have to go off on him .
Waiting for TheCarlosPena to upload the pictures of his new puppy :) Excited !
oomf is milking the time clock
It's SO annoying when people can't take pills. omg so annoying annoying mandy_boulos
waiting to get my hair done!  
just watched the NHLJets games vs the NYI .. wow.. what a game. Hurts a bit to lose in OT like that but what a good/intense/fast game
sometimes some Alanis Morissette is all you need to start the morning
BADNESSE 1superflysista scuzz_4_posmike tfang2002 mjspyt777 hellz yeah hot mama! It's the shit!!! Enjoy!!!
Sunday mornings are best for getting up early and making gifts while my two favorite guys sleep in the other room
iM sO pRoUd oF mysELf....i cUd'nT dId iT w/O jEsUs tHo bRiNG'n mE tHrU iT aLL.....ThAnKFuL!
It's Christmas time :)
Mom showed me the email for AAU volleyball this morning :)
Hot chocolate in the morning!!
Searching my whole house for one simple thing.
Love Sunday afternoons like these.. :)
This bug is bugging me! Now I'm chasing it around with a shoe...
Why do I wake up at this hour during the night and appear to now be completely wide awake?!
Jaelyn be mad for no reason, irritating.
Next time I go to the dentist, I get my new tooth
Why must i be so PICKY?!?! Im so complicated at times I confuse myself smh...
I go to a school run by idiots
940please follow me back! everytime i see the ONLG in the stage i said THATSHOULDBEME DEPRESSING justinbieber
I HATE him na he such a mean person,, I hate wen I get my feelings Hurt:-(
Stupid fucking locker won't open!!!
Reasons why I can't be good friends with u  
My hubby home tonight
I can't get you out of my head
twenty nine... 29!  Celebrate my big day with me tonight loft1523 at 9pm - Bring a toy for GotSandbox or $5 for Beards Because! EXCITED!
katieunabyrne  Stop laughing at everything in this lecture.
Fuck Mr. Yang! I passed that test! >:|
Working 8 and a half hours today! joy..
Does freedom start today or in six months. Decision day.
Why is there always that one kid that goes under the parachute no matter how many times we say not to
tm0ses aray0313 ha we finally got to a room!
i really didnt pig out today like i thought i would
Never back down to end the crazy night.
Argh I dislike being sick! And not able to talk is the worst thing!
i wanted some pizza and cheese sticks the other day , and thats what my mama jus brought home :)
Still want admit he lied and he still right there @ this moment...smh....
Sleep is like having sex , you never want it to end , but some times it last 10 seconds
Mums been sick and now she is being dramatic about
I'm pretty sure I did great on my Algebra test....plus, Extra Credit was easy.
BabblingBarbie I got my own hookah
Feeling soooo alone right now!!!
people aren't always who they seem to be
Great weekend of backyard snowboarding now back on to school to finish up before the break
justinbieber Can't wait to see you tonight on xfactor UK!! SO EXCITED!! PROUD 34
Maxwell - This Womans Work . True Sex Song ! Love&Basketball
Toughest Decision when a mother has to choose to unplug there child from life support. Ugh 
I feel like everyone around me has been acting shady towards me lately...
why wont google stop asking me for my phone number??
Pumped for this weekend!!
justinbieber i love Fa La La a cappella. your voice is perfect! i LOVE IT! good job! proud! 27
Browns needs to stop the run OMG
Driving no where with maggiesross love her heated seats
What i tell you bout this guy fury realhitmandj
Get the FUCK out of here.
Today might be the most productive day away from the rink I've had all year
I need to invest in a lighter , theae matches and I arent gettin along
Ok don't make a conversation and just stop. You wanted the conversation ugh
I took the bestnapofmylife. OMG! Ready to rage!
I love my family so much
Winter noel vanilla bean cream
I dnt know what it is... but Ive been sleeping extra good lately!!!  Happy;)
Bought a Christmas tree air freshner for my car!
Derek is such a good daddy
I'm so sick of this. Gosh just tell me what I did wrong.
My day has been GREAT
Divorced parents. Talk about annoying.
U complete me like a puzzle
i swear if you don't quit screaming i'll push your ass of this golfcart while its moving.
Ok im ready for my parents to leave on another cruise...
Okay, break can start any minute now.
Woke up with the biggest smile on my face.....
SO HUNGRY. I have to wait til we get to Joplin for food. It's like 30 min away. It's almost 8. I'm used to dinner at 5:30.
Wtf am i going to do next week if something happens and i dont have anyone to talk to cause shortshamwow will be in cancun?! :/
Only ate 3 nilla wafers under the influence last night
Bouta go buy my little brothers present and buy one more thing that i need for my older brothers present ,
I finished my project all by myself ;3
I did it all for the Nookie, the Nookie, so you could take that cookie. freddurst
HeitchueM okay! I'll be waitingg(;
ZackCypret I can't wait for you to get her!!!!
Me and whatamydid living it up Luggy Shore style!
Dairy-free chocolate ftw!!!! :D
madisenyc wow maddie!  I feel so dumb... Haha!
First christmas with my girl,
Just trying to hold together
i got this performance tomorrow for the 7th and 8th first tahn at night for everybodii ughh
I hate when I forget to put earrings in
fair bit of road rage this morning! why do people feel the need to drive at 30mph in a national?! irritated!
Oh for the love of- It's a NEW PHONE. How can it be CRASHING?
Hahahahahaha some old man was smoking in his room and he threw his IV machine at his nurse. Then the cops came
; I told my story, then I made his-story.
Sunie_FDC ashtonisVULCAN Whenever I ask for a Coke, people in California assume I wanted diet
Mama stone is comin to the IC today yay!
Sometime I feel like im surrounded by idiot
kennychesney tix in boston, done! Thanks to mklampron sister!
Why do I even bother?
Can't believe moving to a different city made things so much different
When Daneebutee tweets <3 proud ;P Xx
Ms_Arnold I eat!!! Lol. Everytime I come in they kno what im going to order
A woman slpin on the bus with her mouth open and she drooling
Water engulf me n take my last breath of air as I drownLetMy fears take over as my lifeless body sinks to the bottom of the ocean
CarlyBigGunz woahh I looked and now I'm really
this analyse des sources for social really isn't working out for me
Forgot how much i love having my hair cut and then coming home and dying it,
I just got woken up w/ sumbody asking me for money . >:(
guten_morgan  really regretting not going to da workouts, hell weeks gonna kick my ass
This isn't helping.
i have the best friends in the world
having to reinstall itunes every other day is getting
You are the love, that knows no bounds. The MIGHTY power, that breaks walls down, breaks walls down.
franticee OKCStormWatcher JoyGrenade amys_bus_ticket Alex_Carrick ffhelper what an awesome posse.
i fucking hate internet shopping! process my order for fucks sake
Packing is so hard,I have so many clothes.Home tomorrow night.
not even midday and i have to put the lights on to see my work.
Officially_Bade my middle name is the same as blair waldorf's middle name
I'm off til Wednesday nd I have absolutely nothing to do these next two days I hope they go by fast
Nights kill me off the sandman is defo callin roll on 7 bells then home to sleep and 3 days off bliss :)
Just made friends at the hh gregg :)
Gonna be a stressful day! But I am determined on making it good and be happy!!
An attitude of gratitude is the antidote to bitterness
Modern Warfare, been kill streaking since 2006.
Some ppl will sell their soul just to buy attention.
Might get to see a old friend today
Watching This 60Minutes Special, I Feel Indescribably Thankful For The Many Blessings That God Continues To Share On My Life. Thankful.
ah number three is still good   proud !
14 days til christmas!
Yygsjyfsyffa mañana ZOOOEE!
Can't sleep even though I'm exhausted s
I'm already freaking out about my sociology exam tomorrow and if no one tells me the revision checklist soon I'm gonna go insane
one month till christmas
This time tomorrow i will be on a flight to heathrow to go to china! Wahhhh
God has blessed me
dude at typo gave me a candy cane! i just remembered :D
Vitamin C pills and Nyquil for snack :-| Lol
I just told my lil cuzen to stop sending me them chain texts,that shit
Omg. The rest of my fanfic came to me when I was in the shower...I had a capital idea.
Love Regis but Kathy Lee could be the most self-important person on the planet.
I hate when people you once knew, come back and ruin things once again.
Feel Like No  One Cares  Lonely  ;/
Think I just laughed all my post-Thanksgiving calories off having a solid eight minute tickle fight with my mom.
Happy thanksgiving everyone! So blessed and
I need some redemption from last night, what a poor showing! I've been waiting for like a month and I put out a horse shit performance!
Ppl who shorten every single fucking word in text<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Purdue vs. Butler and IU vs. ND @ Conseco.
Second 2-1 defeat in a row. Last kick of the game sealed it.
selenagomez YAAY!! Congrats to them!:)
Creepa_Nut where yo females at?
Eurgh I can't handle those with bad breath. My tummy physically can't hack it.
Watching the grayson v walton game. I wish grayson was losing.
Omfg im gonna throw up
Attitude is just another word for i don't care
I really truly love my job, but I swear I need a prescription to calm my anxiety!
You reallly know how to piss me off
Thanks to my mom for taking me and sitting in the ER with me last night. Finally starting to feel better :)
Dear Satellite Radio, were have u been all my life? How have I survived all these years without you?
Found a letter that my sister wrote to my dad… she wants him to come back.
Two days left then holidays :)
Another VATech shooting, are you kidding me?
breewilson1226 i wanna retweet this ..
What I like about you... is everything.
Its sad to remember that you said you were different..buh yur not different yur jus like everyone eles ...
My Hair breaking off . :// Depressed Lol
Omg I swear everytime I get n this car I gotta get gas b4 I even reach my destination
If everything we do is underpinned by kindness, how would things be? What a wonderful thought. Mindfulness.
DaisyCottageIRL and me, love Amy and the song
Nice---- trust me he wont sell d remaining one RTpkahill Guy says kidney to buy his gal a diamond engagement ring and she dumps him
A lot of the jokes I have planned for tomorrow are really offensive. Like...more than usual...
I havent slept in my own bed alone since wednesday night
My sister needs to come home
Today is My Juju's big day 11/11/2011 
Consuming fire fame into flame a passion for your name! Spirit of God fall in this place. Lord, have your way...
Coughing up blood first thing on a monday morning is definitely not my ideal wake up call
My back is in half
Sooo coats for kids at northland has been canceled because ppl was fighting and shooting smh thats detroit for yo ass
nothing seems fun anymore.
Watching dirty dancing missing my Mawmaw, she loved her some Patrick Swayze.
Hate when i wake up and CMT top 20 countdown isnt on yet
I'm on my moms phone.. Sad .
leggomy_meggo3 your a disgrace! Haha gosh i hid it all week. Now my hard work trying to hide it gone
When ppl don't know whats going on in ur life they go crazy tryin to find out what's going on wit you....
a weekend well spent at ruka! i genuinely couldn't think of a better group of friends than ours.
Google tells me nothing about Michael Jackson's baking skills.
Pissed off, feeling punching someone's lights out. Thank god for OFWGKTA's music for moments like these.
One more week til i get my Disneyland pass!
i just got SOO pissed off. i was so focused on working and getting home friday that i forgot to take an InQsit -________________-
It would suck if you called a cab cause' you're late for a meeting, but then it was the cash cab ..
Meatloaf, Chicken, string beans, & Mac-cheese!!..
My sisters hamster died. I'm surprised I didnt wake up to screaming.
I should be getting out of class early tonight.
Lowkey milwaukee needs 2 be on thefirst48....
Best day ever
But this honey badger is tryna rest his fur.
Dear tweens, if you are gonna skate at least have the decency to skate forwards don't try being a douche and cut people off...
Lord have mercy its just rain people! Never in my life have I seen such idiotic drivers!
despite everything , i had a great day today.
when your parents change their minds and ruin your plans...
Nobody wants to make me happy:(
I wanna wash mii sheets but I hate making my bed up from scratch
Wish someone was at home warming up my bed for my return
can't wait for christmas!
Why do people buy high tech computers if they can't operate them???!?!
I've done awesome in my math class 2day xD
This man in this novela is the principle of a highschool and knocked one of his students up Disgusting !!!!!
Worried, will we get our apartment in time to furnish it b4 our wedding?
This kid in chilis looks from behind and dresses exactly like Bieber I screamed and my mom is dying
Some people hate/complain like its a hobbie on here
she trippin on me cause her ol man broke!
Pretty positive I miss chelseanpotter more then I have missed anything in my life! depressed!
Deli deli deli then breaking dawn! Whaaa?!
Em_Winegar  ya we didn't chat in math haha
Trying to go to sleep !! Quad is not helping matters.... Any advice for a seriously pulled quad ??
so me & _TempMoore suppose to chill this weekend!
Follow Pinda_Swekk Dan voor me?
If you love me, then you stay. If you don't, I'll drive you home
Snuggled upon blankets  Crying Drinking hot cocoa Missing u grandma
Thank you to the Business Marketing students at U of M! We hope you learned a few things from LIVEWELLWPG and myself today!
Christmas in one week.
i clearly . . . skipped my plans tonight to talk to you !
I would be the one to wear flip flops in December.
When ur in line with 50 people behind you, don't stop and fucking talk with someone and hold up the line!
Meer SenioR tipe aand saam LizanneViviers en M*  
justinbieber is a massive part of my life, you did so well, UKXFACTOR proud x x x x x
Today ArndellL and I spent the whole day in meetings for the Canadian premiere of codocmanifesto's The Truth That Wasn't There.
There's no better place than home ...
So blessed to have great people in my life
Why is it always raining when I have to drive home?
So many people say I get on their nerves, I guess I'm gonna just not say anything for the rest of my life
I swear if I didn't lke dis money I would leave...dey need to stfu...
Relaxing it up b4 church!!!
angel_mae09 what happened to you last night? Was hoping to get a drink with ya sadness:(
So depressed that I'm almost done with mockingjay. Literally
Christmas is getting near! excited!
Omg this food so good can't wait till the fam come by the house in a couple of hrs but I gotta prepare myself for this parade yikes
Dancing today at the game!!
After this weekend I realized I don't like females. Majority of them are fake and silly! Most of them do the most for attention...
Amazing weekend <3 let's keep it going.
I wanna watch a scary movie but I feel like I've seen all the good ones
starr_xoo I don't beg for friends if I didn't really like u I wudda never talk to but u now showing u true colors
justinbieber on my TV tomorrow night.
Vxb1 I'm waiting for ice to set...
PuffPastry rolls in the oven! Filled w/ currants, 3 nuts, cranberries, BUTTAH, brown/white sugars, 5 spice, ginger, vanilla paste
ddlovato lightweight stuck in my head.
I can you be in love with someone who is in love with someone else?
i hate people who tweet like every 10 minutes, get a life!
itsmeallyson hope they aren't working on place where elderly lady was burned to death
I Wuld Like To Thank Mtv Base For Making My Weekend With All Dis Beautiful RnB They Have Been Playing
watching a Documentary on illegal immigrants..i feel so Bless to be legal just seeing everything they go through ill be dam
SBNationSoccer This is why I have a hard time getting into soccer.  Can't grasp TRYING for a tie.
Mi nuh go leh she rass sleep tonite !
TonyOElumelu Thank you we had a great week
Les réveils comme ca, ca m'avait manqué.
t-minus 4 days!
I AM SO EXCITED FOR ALL THE GOOD THINGS TO COME!<3
My song for the day; Marvin & Chardonnay.
Why does the last full week of term before a holiday always seem longer than it should?!?! annoying!
January will be a different start of college, Can't wait!
Need to catch up to ShanBrady on my tweeting because she has been a twitter whore this weekend
Great way to come home..
Happiness hit her like a bullet in the back struck from a great height by someone who should know better than that Florence+Machine
Boohoo shouldn't sell things online unless they can deliver properly! Been waiting a week should of been 2-3 days!
grrr instagram won't refresh
Also, Skyrim STILL isn't trending...
i wanna kill somebody just dnt know if id get away w/ it….
Only real friends can see fake
Recent discoveries equals recent depression
I think I sprained my thumb at work... embarrassing haha
Finally got the new twitter page set up excited lol
S/o to alll my New followers!
Computer says no!
Seriously....????  gosh.. enuffffffff -MG
Too drunk to shoot a pong ball
The last time I had my lettermans jacket on I gave it to Laurren at my game. Damn, I miss her
I feel like I could say a lot of mean things today...
PriyaaSethi 2 whole days of jeeeero SWP ... :(
interview today at this juvenile center
This is exactly why I stayed away from Take Care for so long... depressed lmfao
I hate trying to find something to wear ..
Leaving to Texas in 3 days!! excited :D
Out of the million stores in penn station not one sells monster
FINALLY GOT MY ELECTRIC GUITAR~ Time to start posting covers to YouTube.
Love is a verb. Never think just saying we love someone is enough...
I am such a fat ass it's ashame! Smhv
sbelliston The book starts in the middle of everything. The corpses are already in the morgue.
Does it take other people's iTunes hours to back up their iPod?
It waz n ma hand
Just gotta make it through 3 days of work then off for two and get to see some of my family including my awesome 9 year old cousin!
Watched Hotel Rwanda last night for a paper then watched a documentary on Darfur just now. Let me just kill myself now.
hossamaniac I saw the movie before it came out :) like a long time ago...my dad and I both wore our spongebob shirts to it hahah
I swear everyone gets on my nerves..
Loveee when the green line turns into Cleveland circle and blocks my entire green light
Sauer not being at Toys for Tots is not a good sign.
Aint shit on twitter or FB then my phone ain't getting No love!
Well that didn't work..what ahl player can we sign now?
ready to throw these crutches out the window...
Why is it what i want the most is so hard to obtain?
That's it!! Tulisa calling them little muffins makes me not vote for them
Busted by dad while talking to DRCudar for the 2nd night in a row.....embarrassing.
Lifes gooood!!! Was just informed that I'm getting an iphone & going on a cruise for my birthdayy.
I definitely just check my voicemail just to get the flippin icon off my screen.
siferrytopboi that's all he ever says! annoying!
taytayyy11 your the best tging thats ever happend to me
You can't blame gravity for falling in love. Albert Einstein
I started to pray all negative & negative ppl out of my life & ppl dropping lk flies
I would look uber cool with it, that's the only reason why I want it lol
mincepie is not gluttony, is fuel. Posting prezzies (sarcaitjam) visiting old friend then braving gardencentre madness to see Santa
Too tired to write this test, can't wait to come home and nap
im going to go fucking insane.
saw my mom for the first time in over a month today..
I have so much anger built up inside
It's winter time and there's no one to cuddle with...
my mom put on a nurses mask so she wouldnt get sick
Forcing something never works. Be patient & you'll eventually find what you have been looking for...
Couldn't work out for long, my shins and ankle were killing me.
themrsfong wait - that's fake?
that one bitch who can never keep a secret
Fear factor is coming back on!
Ohh emm gee these hiccups won't go away!!!!!
bigtimerush mee..i still got TWO hours until it comes out...tear sadness..
no school for iona
my aunt told me to go park her Mercedes. I get in & don't even know how to turn on the freakin engine!
Really really don't want to be home right now.. irritated.
NLGnews, you are my heroes, I feel so much saver seeing all those green hats around when things get crazy.
Watching Victoria Secret Fashion show
also forgot to tweet about how incredibly sad I am that STEREO HOGGZ got voted off Xfactor.... FUCK FUCKITY FUCK FUCK... my boiz :(
Reality hit me. I liked you.  I never loved you; I loved the sweet words and mouth full of lies you said at the right times. :)
This employee is really watching porn right now at work
Get to see my girl tomorrow.(: excited.
Mathew_Crook Mathew, where the hell you gone? ignored again disappointed hahaha
dermatologist and the dentist all in one day...
Its just when i get to kasa when i start bouncing off the wall and start going off but today i dont feel like it
I woke up thinking it was Friday.
got excited that i saw 'Notorious' on a channel cause i thought it was the story about Biggie Smalls..turns out it wasnt..
Morning run done! Get some breakfast at McDonalds and off to pick up my 2nd tuxedo from Ali 
Only time I eat chiccen is when my mom makes it , and she is making it tonight
YAY!!! TheXFactorUSA is starting rite now
r3tr0k1dd why can't I retweet shit you post angry !
Great weekend...help portrait, the help, church, eating with friends, Dickens of a Christmas, baked & decorated cookies. Full heart.
Been watching Criminal Minds ever since I got home InaGoodMood happy (:
Just spent $1,400 in bills
I hate this face :3 and this face XD
i cant stand my grandparents dog
And ill tell you one day just wait and see, true love is waiting out there for me
No friends to tlk too
StrettyNews R_o_M De gea not great on the first goal. But watch Evra!!
you jus tellin yoself you not good enough to be the only girl!!!
I can't wait til Prom :)
I hate when my twitter reminds me that justinbieber I still no follow me
Buying my tickets tonight for Twilight this Thursday midnight release!
Shopping w/ the aunt, little sister, & baby cousins! :) excited!
brooke1721 sorry chris brown, seeua next wednesday
A little season one of
N'zogbia is look very good today . And the commentators are on about Darren bent not touching the ball
Might have to pull my first all nighter tonight. Have to pass this class !
our friends got pizza hut because they knew we were coming.
there are few things as sad as when a kid can't count and doesn't know the difference between a quarter and a half-dollar
izana_sana i knw, he was supa hot
Dont be a follower, be a leader .
Decided today we are for sure going back to Florida this winter.
i need to work on my project.. but my brothers are on the computer...
Getting Tweeted By Yummy Rick Edwards... HAPPY :')
literally counting down the hours til i can get sloppy...
in the library on a sunday night
This summer is such a cock tease.
Did Hallmark get Howard Stern for this year's Xmas card writer? so crude
shriya34 My BestFriend love you so much have Blessed Thanksgiving
Tell me about it. I'm starting to think it's a good possibility.
i hate the feeling you get when yur drifting away from someone
Hot date with HaleyHauk then a sweet bro sesh after and a badass night ahead
AprilDirects417 !!!!!!!!! so happy you're in my life
DPB_Trice impAKAble08 yeah what danesha said...sad lol
There's never any food in this house
rhoa dis stripper is too much
I swear i dont hate her but she gets knows exactly how to get under my skin and on my last fckng nerve
then movie night tonight with the best frannn! excited :)
Teen Mama is off playing with mice, real Mama's phone is broke, BFF is in total study mode... Who am I gonna text?!
Catching up with Chris Martin on
People need to learn how to answer their phones.
such a russian-speaking community at beeline-cismeeting
What people won't tell you, producing videos and content will not get you babes, make you rich or even popular.
Any day above ground is blessing, somebody didn't wake up this morning and it wasn't me. . . thankful !
Gah!! Drive Productions (the ppl who did 4D projection for Deadmau5 on Millbank Tower) are coming into the studio this Friday!
Facebook really needs to stop with all the spamming things ... It's getting on my last nerve ..
Things feel good.
I'm sorry but how many status updates do you do daily? And they're mainly just you moaning.
At least I get to start my major classes this time around ! Excited !
Oh shit I need to get ready for Yeri's 16.
One bad apple really can spoil the whole box
TripleA13 I said want her number?
Two hours away from El Clasico!!!!
Wearing my name tag from work all around best buy
Finally. I get to go to sleep at a decent time tonight.
People really know how to get on my nerves!
Obama is the president and they don't even have his color on the flag!
So LetMy_ShUnShine just really hurt my feelings in this gym & all I asked her 2 do was entertain me ....Hurt !
im_in_your_LANE it made me want to kill myself...
Its Sad How Little Grl Out Here Rolling When They Parents Tought Them Better Then Tht
he won mvp for his team :) proud!
Ready for them Laker's boy oh boy am I
JoshuaaHarris on fireee ;)! Its all about twitter and POF! Oi man I wanna be back in middlesbrough
Adamkaras nope not even getting it :(
Only 30mins until im off
Less than 24 hours it will be Christmas break!
Just got confirmation that my daddy got the right shirt :)
My mom does not care if I cooked dinner or not she will STILL call and ask and bring me food...
98% of the time my phone is on VIBRATE..I hate ringtones
2 of my followers keep going at it on my TL -___-
Going to clean & do some stuff around the house.wait for babe to get here so we can watch birthing videos ! Lmao
All you have to do is talk and i'm instantly annoyed.
my friends mom is giving birth tmmrw;
Thanks to ALL MY FAM N FRIENDS who Came Out, Supported n Gave to Me n myluv2 Zoey... It's was Greatly Appreciated!!
I want it to be monday already cos imma get my braces off(;
cant wait tillllll christmass 
lost my white board to other people studying :(
There is no dignified way to eat a burger. Desk is a mess.... but my awesome hommus & turkey burger makes it all worth it.
Congratulations Yosra morsy and Moataz Badr
IReallyMiss my dog   where are you?  
Getting my christmas tree!! And my brother will be coming!!
Could really use a ride to the apt. Stuck on campus
Some people just don't realize how much words can hurt ...
GLAD TO BE BLACK BECAUSE MY SKIN DOESNT CRACK
Triple science tomorow,actually hate that day
JuniorDeLeonM hay siip :D toy bn
Bye bye twitter off for a walk with the best friend :)
Bring luck, bring me sunshine, bring me
I enjoy a good poo!
Just glanced at this girl in my class she just SAD !
Shut up, I really don't care what your grade is. Annoyed .
First year not picking out the christmas tree
typical boring sunday night.
R.I.P 2 my papa n bestfriend....i knw he is in a betta place...imma miss u soo much....hopefully 1 one day i will b able 2 c u agian
S/O to my bestie sollytwokings for just making shit happen!
Love when my mom reads my bbm's and doesn't answer them. Really helps my plans of how I'm getting home
ITS MEANT TO SNOW TODAY!! Asdfghj
Can't find my remote
I refuse to watch 1 second of teen mom this season
emmmmam Oh B98.5? Walking on Sunshine, Wake Me Up.
Watching Home Alone w/ the babe getting my belly rubbed :)
People are seriously such a jokeeeeee.
& now Michigan's scoreboard looks like an 80's VCR screen
GoodMorning TwitFam Wish everyone the very BEST...
CP3 Should have gone to New York!
that awkward moment when you're trying to act chill but your face gets all red -_-
There's lots of things I'd like to RT, but can't because people use your instead of you're.
about to write my first exam!
Making a million friends is not a miracle, the miracle is finding a friend who will stand by you when millions are against you
oohyouinari he stink & always hyper.
Hoping tonight and tomorrow goes well.
ImogenHewitt_x i certainly am, I think Frayno has planned to go to her but I shall speak to her tomorrow to see :)
_FAMEismyGAME lol u bump like the bumps on a rode lmao get of twitter with that u embarrassing them lol
While I'm missing my lil munchkin who left earlier this week, I'm expecting to see my other munchkin arriving next week!
Repeat after me... EM EIGHTY THREE!!!!!!
duranduran just sat down. Wish we were up dancing.
Taking a trip to the new Jack wills opened in Liverpool later excited!
Never saw this Criminal Minds.
Off to wrk! thankful <3
hahahaha say goodbye to 16-0 packers. and beat by the chiefs?
S/o to my twitter Fam
Damn. I was really hoping to sleep half of my day away so it would end faster. But we all know that's not happening.
Heck yeah the Grinch is on!:)  Excited!:)
All I wanna do is sit at home with a bowl of cereal and watch sportscenter
Gixibyte I thought you said unicorns.
I hate when twitter/facebook changes everything! annoying.
3rd day w/out fb
She just wont stop talking about cupcakes.
NiallOfficial  follow me ? ; it's my birthday <3 asknial .hihi x,x Love 43
Meeting with Tara of location3 to discuss a new Google Analytics workshop! exciting!
Todays been a pretty good day!(: Cant wait for tonight!!!(: <3 Excited!(:
everyone is having a bad day except for me ! :o
At this hair place, Haley's gettin her hair dyed, then I am too.
ladygaga you're freaking amazing.
Wtf is this shit ludacris
U are the best present that GOD gave on my life
Today needs to be over so I can start break !
FIFA 12... Showing me flames! I am off form! Disgusting!
x3bieksa3 your like a super tweeter bahaha
I should be pissed I'm stuck I'm traffic picking up grandma, but I'm with my sister and I haven't stopped laughing.
southbanklondon oldvictheatre wasn't Janie Dee just wonderful? I was crying buckets of laughter
I'll just meet my dad later on n life since my people dont want me 2
The fuck is up with these spam mentions about ipads & shit! annoying!
Working at ThaiFlavors in ankeny  with people I barely now.
i love justin, but i fucking hate jelena.
justinbieber We Love Your Smile.. So Keep Smilling forever :D Can You?? Stay Kidrauhl and Always Remeber us <3
Can't wait till christmas,december is going soo fast,done all my christmas shopping + the house is so christmassy.  excited.
Helllloooo Top Gun Large Coed<3
gabcilmi u r brilliant when u sing live! We did enjoy ur concert in Shepherds Bush few years ago...
That feeling when yu know you fucked up....
Ugh so annoyed if you texted me first answer me when I text you back
- S/O to everybody that told me Happy Birthday so far, thanks ya'll.! Love. :)
bmasonnn I'm crying
I been without twitter n my phone since thursday night...
disgusting_ your worse than me,
lissa_mahone yeahh, I HOPE SHE SAYS YES.
billy_schuler am I not invited to solofras?
Denisestarzxc haha okay .. Going to bowling tournament in KL this fri morning ... :) fighting with all the S.E.A ppl
8,4 VOOR ENGELSSS HAPPY (:
omgwaissel_ oops sorry :(!! On a brighter note I can put my hair in a ponytail now! Yayayayayayaay
Cant wait for tomorrow. High school soccer starts.
En route to dori's birthday with Cyrillecaron and co surprise!!
can't wait to have my first child
Seriously? I feel like I'm 13 :p Why am I so giddy? :D
PrincessThor I don't know ):
not that long until christmas
someone RTing but not following you on twitter is like someone commenting on but not liking your pic on Fb..
Did perpetual happiness in the Garden of Eden maybe get so boring that eating the apple was justified? - Chuck Palahniuk
I will never watch the Rangers again as long as Lee McCulloch and Kirk Broadfoot are there!!
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness for it shows me the stars.~Og Mandino
I waited all evening for a call. Didn't get one.
Birthday weekend starts tomorrow.
Best skate day ive had in a long time!!!
Guys Ive come to a final decision. Im gonna start going to speech therapy. Im tired of stuttering And im done being made fun of.
Give, give, be always giving. Who gives not is not living; The more you give, the more you live.
Thinks I must enjoy torturing myself :(
AliciaPorack okay thank god I was worried.
Actually had a wonderful shopping experience today. Everyone was nice. awesome surprised.
This hunt ochocinco sending EvelynLozada on is so cute!
I never curl my hair for school. So im going to curl it tomorrow. Ugh hope it comes out okay!! :D worried :o
Senator Bob Rucho -  Charlotte has $1 b of $2.5 b State rd improvements! Finally!
Sad that they cancelled Jingle Bell Bash 2011, praying for selenagomez and her family. See You In Seattle Soon My Dear!
They started talking about his daughter & the big white guy kirked
Pawpaw just sent us a picture using picture mail on the phone.
ImJetsettin4MB He must be alone.. ahahaha
That was a mistake.  I should have never talked to you.  Now all I do is feel worse.
And whilst my father and son getting 1 year older today, my wife is getting better looking every day
I hate when the Packers let it become a close game
21CenLeaders thanks for the follow
Jesus. Im about to turn my phone off or block ur number. Cause im sick of this conversation.
30 days til christmas!! :D
such a relief having no more exams until january:) only 3 more days of school:)
A lesbian with no fingers..
If my ears want to stop ringing that would be great
can finally track my ucas!.. hope I get some offers soon! :')
I hate that I don't get texts!!!!
Dear students in the library, STFU or use your inside voices.
CiaranGilligan the Lions should have one that game!
Actually having a pretty good day!
I had tofu for the first time...I have never had wet cat food before but I can imagine THAT is what it tastes like. Disgusting!
Correcting your spelling on your tweets is just
I want to be where you are and I'm willing to do what it takes to get there.
omgomg I just literally watched 100 Brian puspos videos , time to learn his choreo tmr
Already annoyed on this bus, people don't stop laughing
Nothing's ever out of reach so dream dream dream!!! Everytime that you dream yeahhh
Going to church for the first time in two months :)
Is it me or are people just overly hyper today.. I think half the people in this classroom are on some kinda caffeine high
Another day.....another blessing!
mckennah1995 i would be careful something might happen if u laugh to hard disgusting ;)
justinbieber Loveeyoux. Dreams about you ';3 Listening Mistletoe.. You'are amazing love- ';3 .
polerin that is why activists must practice self-care and understand our limits. The worst thing we can do is let each other burn out
Barterrr sophmore girl gave me props<3
my mom and zach are jamming out in the car...
Loveeee eating dinner alone..... NOT! Come home bf. :(
Don't double text me.
All packed and ready to go! Im beyond
if you only understood what you told me, and how it affected me
Wow Vikings 3 points?
My house is so quiet when they leave solved the problem
The audio is fine but when I upload it to YouTube it get out of sync for some reason :/ Had to remove it and now I am reuploading it:(
Happy Thanksgiving to all my followers and y'all families. Have a blessed day.
IsabelleDaniela awww I love u  MORE!!!(: see u monday hahahah.
Wishing e'one a blessed day, filled w/love & laughter. Continue 2 be thankful & inspired.
Ladies, ur mans doesn't want to come home to the same girl everyday. Change ur roles up every now and then to keep the
Going shoppingg! I'm soo excited!!
Really can't stand a bomb ass dude like really .....
Didn't even get to lay my brother out :(
If you're a girl and want to play ragball Dec. 10th for a Blue Santa benefit, give me a call.
Wtf are we going to do for the next week with both beautiful sisters stefanniiee101 and fuuuuria both gone for the next week :(
serenlois_evans I hate you! How can you do this to me man?
I just love Christmas shopping for all the people I love in my life especially the hubby
wawaislegit Thank you for being my 100th follower...maybe you don't hate me so much after all
TylerWebster25 stop sending me spam maillll!
I just had to settle for potato pie because somebody ate up the banana pudding.
Aint Text NoBody , or Call Nobody Since Yesterday Morning '
was just watching saula videos.... can't get enough ! these two have something truly special...
Yes I'm finally drinking tonight :-)
PreciousGyawu same here ooo. Even my mom is looking forward 2 it; nd has decided 2 go c it on d 1st day it comes out.
maartjexxxxx wat is er schatt?
It Aint Nun But Dumb Hoes Ouy Here!
nothing is on tv
so leadership is not closing...SMH!...had me worried for nothin...
allanfernandez eightlido awesome night. rockin' time with dj kfc + dj parrish (sp?) SUPER + Aiden Charmaine_Harn Gratitude.
So blessed that I have met my grandparts and they are such a blessing in my life.
How am i suppose to get u anything for christmas when u already have it?
Oil change new tire now work an Christmas party then packing for nj I leave tomorrow !!
I hope it doesn't get screwed up... nervous..
I'm better off asking my Lil cousin how to spell a word than my older cousin
Bout To Watch My Little Cuzzo ; Haven't Seen Em Ina While
Just found out mom has ovarian cancer.Def not one for prayer, but how about anyone do wutevr ritualistic stuff you do in thought of her
The best time to do small groceries is with ur parents.. U just have to add it in the cart and take it home. They got chu.
Not being able to find a previous tweet. <
My fam too triflin   They stay rushin me off the phone!! My mama the main one be doin it! Now my niece startin to do it too! Smh.
I can't wait to go watch the new, Alvin and Chipmunks when it comes out! :)
Nowell_Sharpe tis a verbel fight.. Not physical :( weeh
You know what sucks about falling for someone you know you're not right for? You fall anyway cause you think they might be different.
Out for a week
NickMalone19 at least im faster than jboyd07!!!!
FromAnuthaBreed Make sure it's a GOOD ONE Becuz I ain't been out in MONTHS!!!
YOU ARE SO DUMB.
Never realized how much money my parents had to have spent during Christmas until I am the one buying gifts too
JULYR0SE i guess we ain't shitvz famous at all. lol
pittuck23 I don't think EmmaJBoycey knows how to follow people...don't take it personally hahaha
Mom's surgery went well!
Jus went so inn on the biggest meal of the year
Stefwalter21 robbiestormfit canterburynewc stormfitnesspt well I'm off to gym now for some self discipline cross fit and a swim.
My folks have been married 41 years today! Thanks for setting such an awesome example for me, and Hugh_Enmasse & JoshvCuylenburg
My TL's being raped thanks to Alex  
So my brother got me this awesome john mayer poster, that I can't stop looking at.
Pissed I'm not seeing macmiller
Watching old home videos with the fam
practicing that smokey eyes on my sister :)
Hate when people don't text you back!
The only part of the Elephant and Castle Tesco without signal is the queue for the self-service checkouts.
he wanna ply video games && shit..smh
When you can't sleep!
songs from glees last episode on repeat
looking forward 2 argue w/ sumbdy<----dats desperate 4 attention! if nobdy showin u any attention y try 2 get it lol
Sex and the city is makig me sad......i hope when i get married someone doesnt walk out on me!!!
The Jackson's r always late
Is it possible for a parent to like not stalk you everywhere you go on the internet. Jeez no life anymore.
Going to south carolina 2morrow & even tho we lost our 1st basketball game we showed team work
Ano bang mali sa ginebra?!
BBrunstrom214 theclassy_kate nate_kierstead can't replace my bestie
Dont think I should have to apologize for something that didnt happen.
i don't care about your opinions, ill do what i want.
Giants came so close
By the way....I can truly say I'm living my life ^_^
I cant believe its going to be a year next month!!
I just hate that moment when you bump your toe, and it feels like you dropped a brick on it.. painful #
im so ready for a change!
When you look in my eyes, you make me delirious, that's when I start to fall something is serious
No Matter What You Do
sarawr7 well I'm not sure about your bossiness girl, you better get at yourself I'm drinking me gin and tonic-a on this
ARKELLS PLAYING AT UNB IN FEB THIS IS THE BEST DAY OF MY LIFE UNTIL FEB 1ST WHICH WILL BE THE NEW BEST DAY OF MY LIFE. arkellsmusic
Thinking oomf is serious then you read they TL smh
Very impressed with customer services AmazonUK replacing damaged Kindle immediately.
GColven AlexThompson_ lewishawkes you boys owe me an explanation. hurt.
Heart just started beating rapidly..
Time to bless the air.
Listening to michaelbuble whilst getting ready for school
Evil triumphs where good men fail to act. Thank you for your conscious action!
Tis the season! Its starting to feel like christmas!
Got stickers in my advent calendar instead of chocolate, fuck off Peppa Pig
georgebennie nah I just know it annoys you
I hate when conversations end before they are finished..
I guess my Christmas wish would never come true. justinbieber ain't gonna follow me. *sigh* depressed followbackplease muchlove 38
karissashae kept my guard up!
From a distance some people be looking goodddd, I get closer and they be busted and ugly as shit disappointment -.-
En diez días llego a Venezuela Happy *
Everybody in my Advisory Class including my Teacher, Is asking me How We lost!!
After hours Hollister playlist makes me happy. (:
Setting off for work in the dark and coming home in the dark
I seriously remember that day just like it was yesterday..
Nothing better listening to Adele pandora station!
Martinberkhan we're number one! we're number one! U-S-A! U-S-A!
My Tl Moves Too Fast ..
kaitlyn_mae1 I thought I was special... But you shared your box-drawing skills with everyone else?
Happy Thanksgiving!! Am so blessed to have such amazing family & friends...forever
Don't get why my mum and dad are forcing me to spend new year with them
TheHughesPship .funny weekend, bet your looking toward to dam,watch out for that bloke that stands behind yer with the pint glass
sent a risky text tonight,hopefully ill wake up to a good response.
Pretty bummed that how to make it in america got cancelled.  The show was getting good too
Aww my cusso is two cute I forgot she cooked today & left me some food in dha refrigerator LOVE (:
I feel sad when it says justinbieber does not follow mrsbieber4lyf depressing :( 208
i have a wonderful sister that did both her part and my part of the laundry today so that we would have clean clothes before we leave
Trusting in God no matter what happens because in the end knowing that you have him to pull you through.. you can overcome anything
My blessings are endless.
scooterbraun follow me <3<3
we was on the phone for 3hrs... talked for hellas, took a nap, woke up & started talking again... lmaoo
spring break = european tour too; england, france, and spain!
J cole _ nobody's perfect
On the way to the hospital where my aunt is in labor! I'm so excited to have a new cousin! (:
made up with mum
“FatemaAlba: It's what wakes me up in the morning, it's what gets me through the day, it's what puts me to sleep at night. love”
Winter Solstice is still a week away, but we're already gaining PM daylight. Chi sunset tdy 4:20PM; 12/21 4:23PM.
Ill be making a guest appearance from 8-9 am tomorrow on 104.9
and i cant find a charger wtf -_-
Woooo you haven't seen forest gump.....
Seriously wasting my time sitting around at the court house
not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today
Just booked my plane ticket!!! I'll be home on the 19th!
buona_vita our relationship's on the rocks now boo
Put yu up against the wall nd give ya that thug
Sunday morning tradition - waking up to Dad listening to Elvis
oh look you changed your profile picture twice within 24 hours,
Performers who can't sing live!
Getting my nose pierced and my belly button redone for my birthday next month.
My cuz played well last nite gotta double double
HELLO TWITTER I AM IN
110 I am staying at this weight, I beat the mess out of all of you guys today
Listening to some KingsOfLeon and youngfollowill your bass lines are killing me
oopy11 our moms may have a lot in coming but when it comes to driving, mine drives it seems with the intent to kill me!
Cheer tonight (: it feels like I havent seen them in forever !!
But who's next on the list?
Letter from baby today!
barbiebff if you figure out how, let me know...
Sex week in my hall.
Arsenal are stringing 50 passes against Wigan
Lost my damn wallet
I'm not sure what U thinking but I don't give a fuck... Spread Love...
truss51 Tuch2337 Tommygunn215 ProfitsMarv he just gave me a birthday card, potato chips everywhere
Never let your school work get in the way of college rage.
kunalnayyar it's pretty rad.  Thanks for the tweet:)
Can't wait for teen mom 2.(:
I'm feeling pretty good. I'm thinking about U2. And you too. And Defiler.
Just loving all this college basketball always on tv happiness haha
how you gonna sleep with your best friend dad ....
It's been an awesome morning so far! Got a lot done, great day ahead. Volunteering at an sfruby meetup outreach to chicks!
KraySturgio did you do that all by yourself?
I live just to have a laugh
All I wanted was ONE thing couldn't even get dat :/
i hate sleeping in a bra
Are you alive? worried X aintn0wifey
OMG I think I'm in love with AustinMahone <3 hottest kid on the face of the earth and he can sing. What's better?!?!
looking forward to tonight!!
Foster the People pandora station is getting me through this paper
Jay_L_Gray s_berryessa2 maddie_jane2 hahahaha I really struggled tonight
omg joey if u wld hv shut up n took care of ur kid, none of this wld hv happened
Tonight's one of those nights when I wanna punch my mom. In the face.
my twin ChRiiS_HCo better hurry up and txt me
Our life is the creation of our mind. Buddha
you make me so happy (:
iamrachelcrow,we can't wait either. Its gonna be AWESOME. Only the best for our beloved superstar!
andrewlohse23 drunk 9s are real life 4s.
WITHOUTTTTTYOOOUUUUUU. I can't look, im so blind... BreaunajMello lmfaooo
sarange...sarange you....
My life is completely perfect! Couldnt of asked for better people tbh.Thank you everybody.MyGirl is my everything Love. Respect. Trust <3
And his alarm has been BLARING...
Guys: Send Good Morning text to your girl! It tells them that you've been waiting to talk to her as soon as you got up :)
Just watched the trailer for the new Batman film on charlenelouise's phone. Its gonna be so good!
Wish I had some company right now
No matter what's going on, or what's ahead of you for today, stop and remind yourself that GodIsInControl!! Don't waste time Worrying!
December 1st; Advent calendar
Best. Thanksgiving. Ever. Im gonna go fall asleep. Big S/O to the fam I saw today. Love you all and its always a pleasure.
AndreaDMorgan I am sure!!!! I am sure. And I love it! However you can, fit it in & get it in!!!
And ilikejulia was the most helpful. I have the smartest, best girlfriend ever. I can't imagine life without her.
So happy I get to spend time with my family all day tomorrow :) football, football, football!!!
Talking to you makes my day happiness :)
No Quiero que papa se vaya a la Patagonia worry :(
I really can't wait til thanksgiving
I find it impossible to believe that anywhere could be as fun as GCA.
- Tomorrow is hopefully qonna be a special day w| my special someone ! On 11/11/11 at 11:11pm im makinq my wishhhh ! Excited :D
omg couple eating face on the train please go get a room
TIAGOODAZ Yep. But he got it lock now. I'm expecting amazing stuff from him working with. DjKhaled and Rick Ross :D
a_megs10 p_demps hahha freedom myass its love ;)
When I got homework to do, I get distracted my everything and anything!
Ricky_Fed let's get that weekend planned
I'm ready to help my mommy cook Thanksgiving dinner & spend time wit my bay fam next week..
ayyylexis14 Hahaha sometimes I just love you. Plain and simple.
emmoyes my phone broke, had to get a new one so I don't have your number..... And nah not tomorrow. You two need to enjoy each other
3.6 for first semester of college.
asia said she gon suprise me on new years
I miss my dad so much
Once you play a jupiter 8, the price of one doesn't seem so bad
Omfg. Going home tomorrow!
Everytime I hear the 5FM the end is dry ad I turn the radio off.
“paintswithwords: Slip into the promise of love . entwine my soul with yours . let your dreams be mine   micropoetry love”
Tomorrow needs to hurry up!!
Alrighht then, Peace out twitter, for TWO WEEKS:(
Fees paid; another year at grantham road with the girls
When guys offer you a ride home. (:
All my Winter break is going to consist of is Tumblr and food!
McKenzieKN I won't have anyone to walk me down to Spanish class today or tomorrow
Another chance at 11:11
How can you not love Frank Sinatra? Such wonderful music :)
The people above us are fucking vacuming wtf?
Last week of school!!!
I have no friends, I wish someone would hang out with me.
Jordanareal I'm going to Nicaragua too this summer!!! Tell me how it is! excited :)
I was so hopeful that the NBA would be permanently locked out... forever
Wake & Bake Twitchessssss!! Good Morning to all & I hope everyone has a wonderful day. Peace &
Smh...Like, some ppl just don't know what to say..lol...
All I want to do is sleep but now I'm wide awake
Just realized that my 1,000th tweet was used to retweet JDGravina. What a waste!
On the mega bus to see GraceSmalley in manc!! Its so cute
when my dad walks in on me singing <<<
So lazy to get a shower!
AstronomicalKid ohhh emm gee can't wait to see you on 106andpark ahh!!
I'm back. Redditch looks decidedly grey today. Already unpacked and put my washing on
Interview for career planning in an hour.....:(
sarahcuda only a bit hurt I wasn't invited.
Thangsgiveing the national holiday of overeatting and laziness!
ahh I hate when i accidentally retweet random posts
so depressed my fake tan has just run out
Eek I am now an official certified scuba diver! Ship wreck in Australia here I come!
Ginger_Martini Thanks! I tried to check yours out but my iPhone doesn't have Flash :(
Im sitting on thoughts, who going to stop me? Im down the lane with the ball. And 1
Shannx94 just asked me if aliens really do exist...
I missing a double date and two family pawties NYC over anything
this headache gtta go,, its fckn
First day of break, at the dentist about to die
I can't stop Love !
I love coming home to everything covered in white:)
Will be starting a new canvas today exciting!
that moment you realize how lucky you are & how all your little problems don't mean anything compared to others.
Every morning I wake up I see a txt from you talking bout sorry can we say
And my madre is making tacos !
Ok this is weird and ada yg tak kena ni..
|| today I don't have to wear a uniform..
Hates it when I'm singing along to a song on the radio and the artist gets the words wrong
aim802 tt enjoying thanksgiving dinner with my nephew
frank_ocean is a GOD. thinkingaboutyou ahhhh
MR_HANKINS8 Nah man. I can't. I got plans for the day. You should come up here and kick it tonight.
I hate people who say and do stuff for attention
The commercial kscottttt always sings just came on, immediately thought of him
On the bus already half way home. This must be my lucky day.
Only a few people truely understand me
the quiet nerdy one in misfits gettin mare action than anyone now..
I Hate When I Txt Somebody Nd They Take Forever To Txt Back. Thats
Two Christmas parties in one night
my bed has too much room in it
My grandparents are travelling down from Newcastle tomorrow to spend Christmas with me, greenwoodma and lozt_83!
Ready for Christmas Village!
Vandaag maar tot 1 uur
Everyone's deciding to be really bad drivers today.
I am so lucky to have the cousins I do.
wrapping presents at work
Yay mallika sherawat is following me:):)
I just thought of an awesome tweet...but now I forget
Why is twitter always overloaded with requests
if only the things he says are wrong with me weren't actually true.
Some people want too much attention and try way too hard to get it.
I think I pulled muscle I should have stretched
ice skating tomorrow with the bestfriend!<3 happy.
fucktyler's new song released today
Me and my toilet just became best friends lol
Movie party Friday with Caitlin Amanda Crystal Rachel Jessi And maybe Elise(:
And why does this chick always sit next to.me in.class  she texts the whole time n sits on fb... annoying gobacktoyouroldseat !
So Jill Scott new video is depressing as hell... Like a tear literally fell out my eye
Today the 15th ....time is movin so fast....Christmas is 10 days away!
S_Jenkin88 were book train tickets well in advance... but il ask it for my present from dad, so he'll pay the game tickets!
I wanna be with my family on Thanksgiving
THE AWKWARD MOMENT:  When you have to badly tell someone something, and the minute you call them, you forget why you called them.
ChAMILLionairrE my ear hurts from being stabbed! toomuch skin on my ears
james_spartacus mmm ice cream sammich :D
A on my French test! :3
Is iedereen nog heel trouwens?
My parents are yelling at me because i dont know how to wrap a present normally. Kay? If you dont like it do it yourself.
Did YOU just make a status about snow? AND it was excited?
Bye Christchurch! Thank you for playing host to one of the most memorable weekends of my life. Can't wipe the smile off my face...
Can't wait till Christmas! Best time of the year forsure. excited:)
I haven't liked Beyonce since the Dangerously In Love CD. She like the song that plays on two stations at once.
mom quit telling me what to do....I'm sick not mentally challenged
Sometime, it takes a Little bit of jealousy for you to figure out how much someone Really Means to you
JenniferConvNY just bought a couch!
Really hoping I made a teamm
Eruggh there's nothing worse than getting up to answer the phone and it's a stupid automated message! So
Facebook should ban people who taLk l0ik d!Ss
wahhh it snowed i missed it and it didnt stick
wow the new white lies album was so.. lame.....
Can't wait for my tropical get away
After today just three days left of class. Thank goodness!!!!
wow! a few conversations later and our plan for the next year has totally changed.
Might be getting Take Care today! =D
You're 14 and have been with more guys than candles i have on my birthday cake.
happyy thanksgiving. thankful for everything tht i have in my life especially my FAM(ILY] dnt knw wht i would do with out them <3
Good Sex wnt make him wnna b wit u..jus keep fuckin u...bt some of yal satisfied wit no commitment..jus gettn hit
Oh noesss! Nuclear weapons in Iran! Team America ASSEMBLE! Your children and old people are all in danger! OMFG!
scooter gekocht, naja mn ouders maar hij is wel van mij ;d
my fuckn life is boring af no one wants to tlk to man wit a dead ass life
All dressed up and ready to go!!!
Yay i have finally changed my belly button piercing. It looks peng !
ladygaga I can't wait! It's going to be so so amazing
A little Bubble on a Sunday night.
Going to spend the whole weekend with my lovee :)
i hate 2 call sumbdy and den dey dnt pick up den 3 seconds lata dey call bck dats very
Good weekend overall :) won £15 :)
Wish I could've played
I hope my dog gets better soon.
Pageviews are getting more and more every single day!
My baby came bacckk<3(;
House all clean, best spring clean I've done in ages
It's A Wonderful Life is on tv. I <3 Jimmy Stewart.
Why some man throw up blood all over the floor at my job.
Just watched a bit of Cheaper by the dozen 2 I didn't know a young Taylor Lautner was in it, love spotting celebs in different things
AustinMahone Found out that I'm getting your SweatShirt, T-Shirt, and 2 bracelets. I'm ordering them tomorrow. YEE Excited <3
Idk if my texts are going through
Left waiting in a parking lot...
thank the lord baby Jesus for back tests
How will you bring more JOY into your 2012?
don't ask a question  you already  know the answer to .
Can't wait till Christmas
I just heard 3 planes one of them has to be MeguhMeech arriving !!!
Why the fuck is it always gloomy? That's depressing.
This time 2weeks christmas will be over
Waking up in the morning is not what i like to do
Lord I thank you 4 my nice comfortable mattress!
slexiehansen this conversation is legit pissing me off
JustinBieber - my dream is for you to follow me.. :( neversaynever right? dreamwillcometrue <3 ? :( sad .-
I got more notifications from Dreau Newman's status than a football status from ProMike...
Finally get to see Breaking Dawn! :D excited!!!!! :D :D :D
ShoutOut to all my followers who Fuck wit'a nigga doe...
goodnite:) Teaching a tap class tmrw!
Turns off gen, gulps glass of cranberry and vodka, sleeps off.. Wakes by 6:30am.. Goto work early
Plugging your charger into your phone in the dark is seriously one of the hardest things
justinbieber you are such a good person to do this for children
I swear jerrad cant hear when he get sleepy
Don't talk about another girl's weight...worry about yourself
macklemore so mad im not there :(
commoncentsmom I know!  It does that to me all the time!
started and finished most of the work planned for the next week happy sleepy it's6already
I could live off of sushi.
I'm grateful, and blessed to see another Thanksgiving!! nothing better than bein around family and ones that truly love you!!
It's Friday AND pay day!!
Lions could not get out of their own way today.
Sat in KFC not eating. But watching all the other GB fighters eating.
This time next month I'll be sitting round the table with the family and a Christmas dinner in front of me :D!
Fuck You Live Streaming!
CarolinaGtz16 awesome (: im gonna watch BreakingDawn on Tuesday Excited <3'
I think Oomf is sub tweeting bout me lol and this time wasnt even talking about Yo guilty ass . Lol aint shit changed
Shoutout to everybody who fawks w/ me man! real shit it means the most. yall dont even understand. Respect x
janelledenha lmaoooo I can't keep a straight face to that..
Feelin super fine!!!!! Biotch!!!!
The Laurie Fine audio recording just makes me sick. Jason Whitlock was right but now he's wrong: Lock up Bernie Fine AND Laurie.
Hollyoaks Is So Emotional!
getting the christmas tree today :)
money in my pocket.. mary jane in the air feeling good.. wish i had somebody 2 spend time with..
Need to get up and take this stupid dog out annoying RobynB30
Got so much makeup work that is due by tmrow night. stressed fml and then finals! NO!
Keshon made it all the way thru his speech!
Best surprise of the year, hubby came home early. thankful don'tcomeknocking
Slsmith11 u should go. should be a good time. i need to
MY TUMBLR WORKS AGAINNNNNNNNNNN YES YES YES YES YES YES. EXCITED EVERYDAYIMTUMBLIN'
Another World *___* Louis' oh lord !
Ppl be dick riding 2 much, its like u don't have your own opinion, u gone be a follower when u have the ability of a leader
I dint get to say goodbye to all my friends b4 the new year
Almost falling off of a balcony while arriving to class late and having the entire lecture see you=ballerness to the extreme.
Trying to explain to my mom the difference between twitter and Facebook annoying !!
Treat her like no other
Aww just found out my brother has been with his Girlfriend for 10 years today! Wow!
Damn im getting up early in the morning to help my granny cook this dressing
Okay. CompSci exam over (and nailed), Animal Ethics paper submitted (and strangely high quality), now its time for Philosophy of Mind.
Catching up on my Real Housewives of Atlanta. Finally, a BREAK from thinking!
Is it Saturday morning yet?
AshleyCrawford_ haha oh yes! can't wait!
Think I'm gonna get my 1st tattoo this summer!
For me, fall + jazz go together just as naturally as Celeste + Matthew love mo_matthew
Will attend the Winter Collection 2012 of MPM Pilar Montes tonight....excited!
Why is it I'm super tired, so I tell people I'm  going to bed.... Then I can't sleep?
not_DDUB You are here now!!
why are people so surprised to hear that i cook dinner for my husband 5 days a week? because he cooks me breakfast 5 days a week.
I can't wait till my first meet
I can see its Dec 1ST in a lot of places over the world, Im getting Excited !!!!!!!!!
Ohmygod Korean dude. Step down the stage please I can't fucking understand what you're singing.
Shoti will be home in a few weeks!
That was actually reallllyyy good
You do know the state of Illinois is bankrupt - nobody wants to fess up to it. So many people think they actually have a pension
Started Dark Days on Netflix.  I don't think I can finish it.
Meegles15 is the queen ditcher of all ditchers.
Congratulations!!!You will get brother or sister.Your little bro or sis will be so proud of you and happy that you're his/her sister:)
Hold on! It's about to be a roller coaster ride!!!  
Running outside with shorts and a tshirt on in November almost December >>>>>>
Thank you Jesus for your love unconditionally...
we could be together but you scared to
Givings thanks to my heavenly father for another day, another CHANCE to b GREAT!
Saw 6 shooting stars tonight!!! Rawest thing ever!
britneyspears Britney!! I Dm'd Ya !! Dm Me Back!! I Was Waiting For You !!! <3 <3 PLEASEEE Babyyyyyy I'm A Hugee Britt Britt <3 Proud !!
just did my math homework for the first time
its extremely hard knowing you could look at someone else the same way you looked at me.
It Feels Good To See The Red Light On Ma BB Flash Again (Y)
Just found out I'm going to The Black Eyed Peas Concert tmrrw <3 Omg Ahh I'm
I just wana scream!
We can't go anywhere without old men trying to hit on me AND my mom!
I don't want to do this project anymore.
Finally Christmas holiday...  yeeei!! and only 2 days for Christmas eve!! <3 excited :D
Love the new look of Youtube. It looks lot better then it did.
Wish I had someone to cuddle up with.
racheyb20 the one you share a recliner with :)
Thaanks evry1 for all the birthdayy wishes :D so so grateful :)
Think I'm sick
12.14.11 CheckBoyznation LIVE ON STAGE AT BLISS - MEGACHICKSINC ARMSTRONG5020S IAMCASHOUTENT DISSCO Dj3Play LemonheadCEO City407”
caitlinc94 so you're going to Auburn and leaving me :(
Girls have unique powers: They get wet without water, Bleed without injury and make boneless things hard.
I hate christmas music
truly blessed to have the friends and family that I do in my life. you make life easier when times get hard, happy thanksgiving 
I just need someone to talk to...that actually cares
DANG..WHEN'S HE'S OUT..IJUST LEAVE HIM ALONE BUT I MISS HIM SO MUCH
kelkilpat I haven't got my math test back yet.
Yal laugh at da tweets but I'm tweetin real life scenarios right now tho
My nephew is in Afghanistan this Veterans day, 11/11/11. He's a great kid. I'm an idealist who would hope for an end to all wars.
Great email today. Great game. Great night. I have such a great life.
Someone texts you so you reply and then they don't reply
abbs8023 um yea. I didnt review a picture today.
Can't wait till tomorrows practice!
i'm about to murder facebook....it won't let me change my profile picture....
Just wanna watch my dads video have hot chocolate nd cry my eyes out while someone cuddles with me. );
Waking up late it the worst feeling
Don't Even Feel Like Working No More.
Walking down to the harbor cause it's date day and we are going to the aquarium!
TyCiacelli its ok i am too fosho. But I wont! I'll make a sticky note! Lmao im a nerd. Buttt yes we do!
Don't give us a project online where the website doesn't even work!
just decorated the reg.. looking christmasy as shiiiiit :)
cleaned out my closet for the first time in like...8 months. proud brandilwhyte
That dumb moment when your boyfriend can dance better than you. -_-
NicholeeAnderr lol bringing back memories of that prank call i got
Oke ik ga nu slapen, morgen half 10 op, doei
Old southpark episodes
Did my hair all nice but no. It has to bloody rain on it.
i just LOVE how people like to start shit about me and my boyfriend. like really? who are you? get of me.
HotShowersFTW Feel better now, the boiler man didn't come today either, have to wait til Monday- January to have damp looked at :(
Err! Is this a joke? :|
Work tomorrow and Thursday and then my last final Thursday!
Twitter is not arguing site. Take you drama someplace else
Downloading the leaked One Direction album ATM. :D Hopefully it works!
Looks like horse meat might hit the market. I would like half pound of pony and 2  pounds of stallion.
Last day of work until January =)
Why is it that when it's cold outside I can't seem to stop licking my lips?! ChappedLips. Annoying.
I'm shaving off my beard today.
Bad combo when nobody ever text you plus ISS
I coulda used that to go in on sum Ralph Lauren dammit
My neighbors are getting evicted. haha.
Leave my fucking girl alone.!Its not that difficult.
Pancake night for dinner tonight :D!
Watching The Waterboy and drinking a big glass of Hawaiian Punch!
This chick next to me is typing so loud. annoying.
wordy_girl becskr no we have two episodes to watch we're current hooked on Downtown Abbey.
phone almost on 0%
catlin_natasha 's realtalk tweets are
I am about to own a 3-5 pg. paper on debt for my last group project of this semester!
One exam next week, 6 days til my birthday, and 7 days til I'm home!
afraid I'm mistaken.
SureKet I am guessing that the single CD just has less songs on it ??!!  I think I will buy the single one as well ;))
waking up in san diego instead of rohnert park makes my soul sigh
Am I thee only one that still has Windows Vista omg....
Can't believe I have to drive 45 mins to BU on Wed. just to drop off a damn paper when he's having us e-mail AND upload it to D2L!
Love waking up to an empty house
LexPanz this is our last week seeing each other every day :(
I'm a gallary of broken heats
im about to have to go off on these kidss.
Home in 36 hours! I'm so excited.
Flizzzzzes can suck it
Realizing you've left the heating on when you've just got comfy
Yo W.E.L.D.E.R if 'beth', the second letter in the hebrew alphabet is a word, then 'Latin' is a word.
Atleast 2 or 3 were legit
Haha Aww thanks! There's some good ones on the way :) “TheyCallMeMOLLS: Papa_Sasha LOL!!! All I want is to hear ur new songs ;) excited”
People that bring up rumours that were said years ago
Why the fuck can't a guy and a girl just be friends?
In the waiting room!
I hate it when two people are not friends but have the same friends.
Sams Chop House, Lowry at the bar, old mate on a bar stool
I <3 USTDT
Complete boxset of fresh prince watched!:}
Ok..  So therapy wasn't the cake walk I thought it would b...  I'm sooper sore...  Guess I'm not ready to go back to work yet :-(
So much for hanging out
My brother turns into such an ass hole when he's drunk!
why dont people ever answer there phones!
Children are a special gem...treasure them!
Luwamey I knoooow! Heartattack to say the least!
If A Couple in Love are called Love Birds, then a couple who`ve fought with each other should be called Angrybirds.
-really in need for someone to cook me some real food; HomeSick.!
Just put the apple pie in the oven!
Shyniii I am the 10% !
Zacklaw12 but I can't do jump workouts :(
LOL TheOthaChick ur so useles, I was waiting for u to start on this CaadiIskaDhig hashtag cos ur the biggest Twitter lowlife
The most precious possession that ever comes to a man in this world is a woman's heart..!!
I GOT THE LAST SEAT ON THE PLANE!!!
I would love to kick it one day with machinegunkelly
Ugh. 2 and a half months. That is too long.
Off Hoy fue un gran día, quien se iba a imaginar que iba a ver a CamiloMusica :D :D Más feliz no puedo estar
This is the day that the Lord has made, I will rejoice in be glad in it
Last day of school and 9 days till Christmas
Well, gotta be up in 6 hours for a drill meet tomorrow.
you're opinion matters most to me. why can't you understand that?
-.- where is ppl's common sense nowadays?!
5 months & 4 days until I'm married to my first love, my rock and my best friend!
I've waited way too long for this  
Some people need to grow up and get over stuff!!!!
You know you have an amazing trainer when even his texts of encouragement can make you cry.
what the hell had twitter for months still can't use it
Less friends = less money you have to spend on.Xmas shopping :P
brookeabrown my mom told me the same thiiing..
Big brother whipping Porsche at the age of 17 with his own money. All I can do is learn from him thankful Tgiw_h00t
Anybody wanna keep me company at panera on providence?
chocolate is my weakness....(; no, but really.<3
always lose my chapstick
I just realized that I have to listen to over 9 hrs of xmas music today, and about 12 on friday.
aandreis7 that awkward moment when we beep back to you but you weren't even beeping to us
Abouuut Watch The Lion King For The VER 1st Time :DDDDD EXCITED !
oooooo 5 days till Christmas,
when you unfollow someone because you don't want to see their tweets but than other people retweet them
“jdickerson123 dont have me waiting, its annoying”
laurenlafleche I got so excited that you were tweeting again, but then it was rebeccatkinson RT'ing you
Obsessed with all the Christmas presents I bought today!! (:
Aww he came and saw me today! happy :)
Warm inside with my Baby
my iPod's being gay.
tiger dance takin state!
People that keep trying to talk to when ur trying to leave<<<<
2 finals, rec, pick up my pay check then it's WINTER MUHFAWCKIN BREAK!!
“SloanBella: Criticism often masks fear.”
Its to early to have to jump your car
Can u guys plzzzzz stop writing in CAPS!!! annoying!
NiallOfficial First Tour. PROUD +.+ Goodluck1D :) x
My Internet's fuckin up...
-ima SUPER K0'ED tired from school how did everyone's day go!! at school or work' :D follow me :D SWAG LOVE ! «2
If i gotta fcking , sniff or fuck ' ing sneezing ONNE MORE FUCKING TIME ima snatch my damn nose off .
Feels soooo good to be home!
SHe ain't lookin for love , she lookin for help
CallmeBeeRadGee Oh so ur using me for my lil sisters!
Leishkin aww we love you too, you're a pretty amazing person :)
I told my niggas we gon rich one day & I meant dat shit
Can't wait for Christmas.
Things are coming together slowly.
Hoy no vi larosadeguadalupe! sad D:
brendanmcgann I bought a new nalgene cause I couldn't find my other one
Why the fuck is this girl half naked on my newsfeed.
Arielle07 I know right! So glad someone thought to do this
JanelleMonae you and peanut are awesome sing tightrope! It's the perfect feel good song for HappyFeet2 . Definitely brought out my
This is just... sad lol
Its so much more to tht story she just stop writing it wit me
DaniKnights now you know I like to imitate lakoda rayne's performances hahahaha
Gunna fail my test tomorrow
$$ Blessed to be livin the life Im livin
Liiviiapl ah oui il était temps ma Liloune I miss you <3 Love#
Had such a good evening. bliss.
Whyyy in the world was there not a preview for next week's grey's?!
im so glad i dont have to see your face again
Hey you guys are pretty pathetic.
I'm trying to write a song and all of a sudden I see this huge ass spider& I tried spraying it with Lysol spray but it didnt die
6more views on myh video til i reach 300. ugh who will they come from?
I feel happiness near them .. they are Dad     Mom   
showering and off to SHEFFboyardee's house to watch some supa fly pics of all our frandss
JT is always soo good on snl
I wish Wakey_Bakey calls me soon. I miss him.
LionsRohr_ watching the 24/7 right now.
themage99 Mager I don't see you enough to get a good quote out of you anymore
C'mon, be more aggressive.
madiperrett eats raw potatoes
Damn... I'm in here with the serial smacker
Almost at 3,400..
And all my worries just fall out the windows
SPOTTED: One of the cameras we created for Hugo in Martin Scorsese's office.
Thank you God for allowing me another day!!!!!!!
Hope Poppy is okay..
cassidy_hadden just put salt on rice
Those tracks will be macmiller BEST and Mr_Camron worst
Contact lense has split in my eye. Not washed my hands since leaving work. Having to suffer the scratching until I can wash them
JSU really needs to put our grades up... I really would like to know what I have..
hate myself for loosing the bb
KWAMEtheRapperr that's only one reason why you my nigga
Hope my little brother had a good 2nd birthday...I can't even remember life without that little boy I love him soo much
Cant believe I cant find anything to wear to curtis_givens ALL BLACK AFFAIR.....
Msn'en met DagmarBax leukleuk love x
LOVE MY FREAKIN PERM . PERFECTTTT !  Happy :)))
left ALL my allergy medicine home too
Last night was a interesting night, had its moments
My baby in Bama!
I think I just found the website that will save me HOURS on future RRJ's. Holy shit.
1 month and 6 days til I get surgery
Stomachs full now...gonna probs watch a movie or two til I sleep..todays gonna be a good day..Get to see AlysonBaby32  <3
nervous about life. nervous about talking. nervous about my future.
Lost in You playing in the caf :)
Think before you speak that would be a nice change of pace
And I don't like it..
that moment when you realize that some of the people who used to share Christmas with you, won't be able to this year
ChuckVass “swansreserves: GWS pass so looks like Bevan's career is all but over sad”
Want to be happier instantly - Write down Three good things in life right now.
Can't have thanksgiving without football
Oh......don't do it in the right key you idiots.
Maybe espn will finally stop talking about Tebow now doubtit he's like a god to everyone
red_red_head This makes her, Trump, Cain, and Gingrich all users of the GOP Primary for personal exposure and self promotion.
JessicaMEllis hahaa yeaaaah! I'm in art and my works drying soo! I'm sooo jel!
Kid at the bar just puked wtf obvi why I go to 21 n up only
idk if i should be happy or sad....
met schatje tv kijken
I could spend so much money on Urban Outfitters
I miss my dad's cooking homesick .
Waiting for this lovely text:) g'nite
I Hate When This Shyt Happens -.-
burnt my goddamn finger on a panini maker
listening to Eagles right now.
thursday evenings are awesome
Pandora 90s Alternative/Grunge
Late nights, early mornings. I neveeeeer get to sleep in -_- ANNOYED!
Going to be studying all night.
Any Height, Happiness, Money, People around you, nothing worth if the person you loved is not with you. Everything is nothing without Love.
Getting a text, but it not being from who you want..
What can it be?!
My folks made some chicken fingers and fries for the kid!
Don't find love, let love find you. That's why its called falling in love, because you can't force yourself to fall, it just happens.
You guys can't even imagine the excitement I feel to go to Cali soon....
I hate being sick at least I have more voice today
ThatAKidBryceD You should have been in your room tonight, i can't believe i missed you!
I just got info about my first placement and I'm going to be a primary school counsellor! I'm so excited!
Hiii_Fashion i really wanna go to Art school for Fashion design but cant even get my app fee together
I miss my mac, have not molested it all day!
going study 1st, later maybe will acc friend go pasar malam, yahoo, such a long time didn't go there ady!!
I've lost 3 followers
Thank You all for the birthday Wishes...You guys are the best!!! Ive had an incredibly blessed day with my fave guy and favorite K9!!!
LaceandVodka I saw ur brother last night..he introduced me to someone by i used to date ty..i was like umm yeah 5 years ago!
All my classes in wirtz next semester except 1...
No time for a workout today
meet me at the alter in your white dress, we ain't gettin no younger, we might as well do it
sooooo he said he think he found the right one afta he breaks it off with me??? woooowwwwwww....
out filming and interviewing on my own tomorrow
NiallOfficial If you follow me now, I will dream tonight :) please ! love1D and I will get your album monday !
Off to the job interview
djtara haha! I jeeeusssst got up. And want to go right back to bed. Thanks for rocking with us, Tara!!
Spend the past week buzzing, partying, eating good food and relaxing! All the pressure and hibernation seems to be worth it now!
So thankful for a God who never fails, and for everything he's given me to be thankful for
Finished my essay early
oomf always try to act like they don't talk to me infront of ppl but txt me all the time.
Last one presenting tomorrow :b
A year ago today I was New York bound... 12 months later I'm Odeon bound! depressed!
I wish he would see that I love him  He is everything I ask for
I can't believe that just happened
Seeing the movie Immortals this weekend with the boyfriend!
C_Glocks totally agree, best game yet
I hate when my work is un-orginized
A1R_STEVEN i heard you didn't kill Bambi today
s/o to the guys who come in the game and throw up the ugliest shots and go in
The broncos and raiders lost.
i woke up an hour early for class today -.-
Im about to literally kill my dog if he don't
Uncle:  Carvery.  One of the best words in the English language.  The other best words?  All you can eat.
Really wants to be at home. :/ annoyed.
Can't find my ipod.
Hate it when a cute dude is single but he always got some little girl hanging around him.
Love Christmas, hate all the songs and movies a month before it!
why was there no desperate housewives tonight?!
only one at the apartment for the next two days
last night of the semester, last final tomorrow and i say fuckit. lets
i have all these stupid sad songs stuck in my head.
Wtf does my contact keep falling out..
Ahhh! hemmalone hey sugar!! *waves* yay!!
Svevolo <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
I will not tolerate people that insult me simply based on a difference of opinion.
Having to mute the tv when it goes to the crowd.
I Wanna Another Pair Ov Beats
Love my little sisters Kassidy and Sabra.
God has blessed me with the Gr8est family and 4 that I Am and will 4ever be
The favoritism in this family is unbelievable. Guess who is on the bottom.
Back to Back Michael Buble on Bliss! Great cheer up! Ahh..
Somebody needs to kill the person who invented youtube ads.
slipped on a busy road
Wow, 48HrsintheValley is next week! We can't wait :) See ya soon, theC100!
going to see breaking dawn tonight !
it's kiransecretsrevealed :P
i have one test tomorrow and one Wednesday. The amount of sleep ill encounter in between those is truly ridiculous
Palowkm seeeeh!!!! Edward vs jacob jajajajaja
It feels good to back in the water but I can't swim the butterfly without feeling out of the breathe now
I can't wait to meet my little man Jaiven less than 2 weeks for his due date!!
Decorating Christmas Tree <3 I Feel JOLLY </3
I freakin love how a boy makes me feel like a princess ugh!!!!
Service was WONDERFUL I love wen the Zoinship is on one accord....
as if im seeing Thedappy FEARLESSDUKUMAN & WeAreCoverDrive on monday? oooomg.
MsCharlotteD Is it true about Labour supporting same sex marriage?
when you can literally say it's a downgrade without being contradicted. disappointed.
lookin up these flights for next month to head back to cali for good...
I thank god for him blessing y'all in my life
He got off the phone with me to call xbox :/ lmao
its amazing how many opportunities a person can pass down
This the kind of life i wanna live.
Watching All That on nickelodeon. It's not funny anymore.
yeah, right... go ahead n try me
A1F1E10 sub!!! What?!  Everything that is good in our team has come through him. Crazy!
Why is my Internet going so fucking slow?!
Job interview tomorrow!! Time to update the portfolio :(
Wish my dog would stop licking herself and go to sleep already.
Brilliant business opportunity to work on new edition of published magazine in the new year. May seal the deal over lunch tomorrow
I can't believe you just called me trash. Don't ever talk to me again, you just lost your best friend.
beckydennis93 wahoooooo! it's go time. heading to heathrow soon:) hehe. spending a night in the Hilton hotel then jetting off.
Those bomb girls that no their to good for you :/
my life sucks at times but my friends make it worth looking at the positive side :)
i know some girl who dad wont let her wear lipgloss , he dont care if its blistex! smh , & she older than me
At church...boutta do this praise dance...Nervous...
i hope things dnt start falling downhill becus of this
trying to make cheesecake for the first time. will let you all know how it goes.
These rubber bands are a pain in the butt considering I eat every 5 seconds & I have to take them out every time!
What i want NOBODY can give me.
I really feel the need to be awesome today.
Bon_Vivant_15  Garth is at Umass
My eye is itchn bad
dad is makin' peanut butter fudge.
I love the advice that KhloeKardashian gives KourtneyKardash and Scott, wish I had a sis like that!
Work was so blaahhhhh today!
Pins and needles for an hour now
truefriends are the only ones i got left. happy:)
Just finished 2 history I.D's , got one more ... PROUD ... letsgoalex :)
Such a special day! :) proud :)
OpheliaDLHA opens this week BellShakespeare
I hate when I open the door for myself and 20 thousands ppl walk infront of me -.- wtf .
don't get me wrong, i love the rain! but not in the fall...
nat king and natalie cole just makes me put my head on the desk and sleep everytime they open their mouth
12CGT3 that sounds so awesome. Wish I had BBC2!
Jesus, you are the source of my strength & you are the strength of my life.
My friends better help with this
The one day we dont have practice I have to bring home every single book in my locker...
Thinking of which, I should find out if my new telecaster pickups have been wound yet...
I'm starting karate in a few weeks!
I had a dream last night that Oprah followed me on Twitter. Checked today to see if it was real.
i thought it'd be different this time ... guess i thought wrong .
Judging our internal lifeguard competition at WildWadiDubai tonight.  Great to see so much enthusiasm for what they do!
JayyDotNet guess you didn't wait for your iphone
likeayoD_ I'll go with you to go see ITSJEREMYSCOTT lol... Rumor has it they opening a JS store right around from me ...
Florida bound to see my love!
That Depressing Moment When You Really Want To Talk To Someone But They Dont Want Anything To Do With You :'(
Just discovered that the European Blackball Association is for pool players, not people refused entry to other Associations.
I wish my family would learn to love each other through the good and the bad. I hate hearing the nagging...not a good night.
so hopefully by this weekend i'll have my own webstore.
itttttt's time for some country music.
Christina Aguilera be blowin mine..we all know ur a great singer, but do u have to put od runs in all ur song..its stupid
voxer speeeds your voice up!
UP, now Toy Story
I was doing fine until now
Oomf got hoes out the ass.. He got females crying over him n shit he even got one of my friends lol
slave2MJsrhythm ah yes!! I love kids movies. :P  xxx
I just want to understand why people from high school end up in my dreams. There are more important people to dream about
My night is consisting of Rudolph, a Charlie brown Christmas, and polar express!
i feel so lame because no one likes me or texts me anymore
Aww that made my heart smile!! :)
i should probablyyy go get ready for the game...i just want this freaking page to load!
Soon, Soon, and very soon .. Best part, no regrets. It's been a while since i was happy this much :D
‘Every step and every breath can be an opportunity for joy and happiness.
This nigga ReggieMillerTNT just said he grew up in LA! Nigga you from Riverside!
She probably acts like that in real life!!!!
If I say no I mean NO you don't need to ask me why a million times
Applebees hey why did u get rid of fajitas the one thing I could always count on for over 10 years
Telling her this story lol..
Country music makes all my problems melt away.
cameronberko hannahnathan we need to get a christmas tree for my house this weekend
My grandma the best !
Really busy with work stuff today but jacquiblay has rescued me with a nice cup of tea
Made my own pin on Pinterest.
I am a drunken mess that goes for ugly little boys
You can stop trying to act cool in front of other people now
Starting our cooking for tomorrows meal now
Thought I was going to remove my braces , but instead I have to put smaller asatek      Disappointment :(
Finally found a shirt to wear with my red  pants
my phone's frozen on a text. Just brilliant
Only got one damn final toma. LOVE!
You have to be the most annoying guy I have ever met.
Country music and hockey...oh god save meh!
Wrapping my own presents
Omg no physics tomorrow
Good morning ......up early for no damn reason
astro is gonna be the next justinbieber  
Left the library to do a Starbucks run and I forgot my hat!!
Just talked to the lacrosse coach over here, practicing with the iron men on monday
Just finished the first draft of my first paper.
have an amazing family and gorgeous bestfriends!
Loves my best friend! He always knows how to cheer me up! <3 you DaltonLynn!
That feeling you get when you know you have lost something that used to mean the world to you makes me sick.
Party Of 1 Over Here -____-
Almost 6hours to go for 7Dec *yaayness* excited :D
My ex and her drama is going be the death of me someday
When you open internet, and it opens like 5 pages
BuddahShampoo it's up and ready my friend!!
ImABelieberSoul OOH LALA 15 MILLION BAD ASS BITCHES 2 DISS HATERS PROUD 15MILLIONBELIEBERS >;^]
I'm gonna make him mine<3
Thank God I have someone great that would give me the world if he could...
Lmao the eagles put Mike Kafka in just the kneel down the ball!
looking back through old inbox's and thinking to myself, why was i so bent by saying that
I hate older women who grown but you know they hate they life cuz they steady tryna put a more attractive younger woman down.
Hangin wit jrrrrsmithh an my Pooch! Its been a min!!!!
Just looking back at what a year I've had!!! - wow! Got to see and do a lot of things!
Up early ready to start my mission.. then later today I see my <3 ..
Happy thanksgiving to all
I hate waiting, I panic if I wait too long
LucyPetoAGCX Last football game sunday before the christmas gap.
It's Friday.. which means in 2 days at this very moment ill be at Arrowhead stadium in rockstar seats watching the Chiefs vs Broncos.
Just because my room is clean doesn't mean you can walk in whenever you want.
Off to the Press Night of Matilda tonight
Headin off to the diamond store with my daad to get my mom a new wedding ring for xmas! :D sooo
Pretty sick when u go to help someone at work and everything of there's is pure grease.
jerfieldz haha alright babaay, you okay? worried ;)
when are my parents going to take time in their day and take me to get my freaking permit!?
BillyCrystal And I thought it was because I asked you so nicely yesterday!
This bitch got on a short ass skirt and she hellla ASHY
I'm ready to go already
Agghh!!!:b breaking dawn tonight with my babe<3 then Robbie tomorrow!!:D what to wear, what to wear..
JackWeir21 I promise that wasn't me!!!!
densaer Remaking that movie, like Let The Right One In, is cinematic heresy for the masses who are too lazy to read subtitles.
A day and a couple hours and I'll be home for thanksgiving.
It's amazing how some people will bitch about how messy the house is but do nothing about it.
Who doesnt want a tall, blonde, australian boyfriend? CRAZY PEOPLE!  MileyCyrus
Amen! RTDuaneDaRock: Become wealthy spiritualy it last longer than trying to be rich materialy!
Christmas in 12 days,
Setting the alarm off in my own car
TaylorAgg can't wait mate and you spelt Ginas<3 last name right well done;L
How am I going to know when I'm listening to Araabmuzik at tonight's show?!
AOMembers of course! Counting down
Ohh dear as if I'm awake now.. It's my birthdayy!!!!
no du rag on tonight !
I wish you never came home or I never saw you or you never texted me to say you wanted to talk..I've been trying to talk since you left
Good morning all thank yuh god for another day
Last Class Then Weekend
baby girl got too much PRIDE!
Got my fake nails taking off and applied for a baker at 3 different paneras.
Leave me alone !  & haven't talked 2 Krazii__Kay all day ! sad lol
im really excited for christmas this year. i think it might be where i know NOTHING that im getting. (:
I must say. God & Drums has brought me a long way.
suemoorcroft just inhaled 2 of your books and downloaded a third, late last night. Thanks to KatieFforde for the suggestion
Why do people question their servers, it's not like we make this shit up!! So drop the attitude and just deal with it!!
I just had a $1200 dollar pure romance party! excited!
ErikLeist Just googled Game of Thrones. How did i miss this?! Must catch up. But apparently I have 5 months to do so
Round 2 tonight ryan_blake1 mahlen18 and OWLbandit ?!?!?!?!
pleaseee let me get back to normal hfgjxjdjdjjdhd
Wow, Halil Altintop scored one for the home team.
Driving to downtown for One Fucking class is a
The only way you can get any attention is by dropping my name.
time flying so fast and x-mas is coming soon excited ;)
consecutive promotions wit stfc on fm
ive been in a great mood all day <3
Looking at Bands for Warped Tour. Sleeping with Sirens and Vampires Everywhere! Cant wait to see more bands tht I like and know...
Christmas and then new years eve, lifes amazing!!
You fucked up again, i am not surprised you need to get your shit together and stop fucking up before you really fuck it up bad.
Changing this background image is proving harder than I thought. Any1 else keep getting a blank page?
TWO more days until EvelynLozada's BIG GIVEAWAY on Entertainment Tonight!
love it!!!! my friend made me an Oreo milkshake!!! :D
K mom that was only reason I wanted to stay home.
Old man in front with sacred ash on forehead disposed off trash right where he was sitting.
i lost the ability of losing hope after jan25 Egypt !!!
moeturner lol thanks. I had three last year and wore them ragged, now with daycare?
I'm chasing dreams instead of boys!  
Planning next summers vaykay with the boh, first stop Disney Land, then blazin' up in Amsterdam need to get me some £££
young_nupe_5 i jus seen a fatass dude n a hoover around and wit an oxygen tank woofing a effingCOOKIE down
Finding a dead bird that my cat shredded up... Exactly what I want to see when I come to the barn.
iWishThat ppl would just mind their business , but then again a lot of ppl have none . So it's common for them to be in someone elses.
I feel like fearfactor isnt as intense as it used to be disappointed :/
most annoying thing, when people re post the same thing over & over.
the awkard moment when u see a picture of your cousin and your physical education teacher
Givin' myself props for not killin' my parents this far in my life.
This is not a game so stop playing with my emotions
Evil Chinese dictator dead.
F U L L :)
no better way to spend 720 hours bahnfire
C'mon FSN..are you serious? Your gonna make me watch this wild game and NOT the Gophs? Your better than that..
Once a Gooner en TT mondial.
WhatMikehasDone omg if the nets get Dwight I will cry.
I played like shit.
Is it bad that I just almost cried tears of joy because I found out I have a C in psychology?
2 days until Jason Manford and a nice night in the capital with my eleeaannooorr93! Just got to slug out two more days of school!
to the bastard that trashed my car, & helped himself to my badge & more...you are awarded my c**t of the day award
Punishment over, time to eat!!
why do I always ask things I don't wanna know the answer to...
Kitty has gone missing
On my way to a hockey game! :D Excited!
LivingSocial Making cheap, highly caloric food cheaper. Perfect storm for obesity. Well done.
Interview at hollister
Don't apologize for the shit u do AFTER you do them !
The Oklahoma State women's basketball head and assistant coach died in a plane crash this morning.
The NOPAs are tomorrow.
3 1/2 More days until christmas break!! please hurry
Un FF para JavierRamirezE Porque es una persona genial! & una persona super talentosa
Far too many clergy use twitter as self promotion. Please stop. It's not priestly or Christlike.
All in Craiglist buyin pussy n shit
Grabbing some lunch & then heading to the fashion show!
I can't wait till sun to go christmas shopping :) for once I don't havea crap ton of homework that's the good thing about finals :)
You're so immature....
had a great weekend wit yungflamedareal... always have a blast!! even tho he was a lil sick today n had to look after him!
ArianaGrande I feel like you dont like biracial people because you never tweet me
Sounds like a fag, who is it?RT lilivargas12: I know it you that calls me every night, at least you can say hey before hanging up.
domisatwit I'm in Darlington and u didn't even say Hi Tracie.
The_amwhite sorry! Now all I need is 2 tickets to the UK-UNC game and it'll be
Lashaunee  I'm sorry!!! D:
Finish classes next week. Just took my entrance exam to start school again Jan 3 for Business Management Humble and
10 days til Christmas! Yesss!
I cant evn get n d house witout ole dude botherin me
Is really over the anxiety I get before every test I have to take!
TheRealAsiaCain lol well......kind of just started so kind of lost n plus this commercials keep coming on
DON'T send me forwards through bbm
Having an AIRCut with Kara!!!
I am proud to be from Germany!
kinikilig ako da theme song ni joi and dennis... differences by ginuwine :)
Im glad Kgonzo_19 saw Lynch hit me cause no one believes me.
Watching a South Dallas Swagg video on YouTube and they have on some Air Force Ones, jean shorts, and all.
Can't wait until after school!
CpLogan41 is probably the nicest person in tennessee. Just saved my weekend.
:) the simplest things put the biggest smile on my face.
Together forever, never apart.  Maybe in distance, but never in heart
Casually listening to music on mute so my lastfm plays bumps up.
Just been out and bought my new years clothing! Just the alcohol left to choose from now :)
THank God for amazing friends Alexis_Lewis_ Mush_A_BoOm SIncerely_Rach2 MrTLSJr
there is no one like me...
GameDay!!! Season/home opener 2night 4 both Charlotte49ers Bkball Teams!! CharlotteWBB tipoff @ 5pm followed by the men @ 7!! excited!!
Attending a certification program at The Grief Recovery Institute. Learning how to better care for people in the area of grief!
minishortbread niece just picked my new bf over me :(
Was listening to Radio One earlier and they mentioned at least 5 Christmas songs in the Chart Update.
I hate long car rides
i feel like i'll never get a job. i feel useless and a burden
The post office is on my last nerve. They keep delivering other peoples' mail and today I got one back that I tried to send back. annoying!
And my Facebook on my phone still isn't working! I feel so lost without it annoyed.
jmacdonaldd LMAO Bro Im all about maple leaves Bret The Hitman Hart Trish Stratus etc.
this group speech better get an A. -_-
Can't believe this is happening...starting to not be able to fall asleep without my Starry night sky light on
Great day with the fam and finishing it off with the best bf ever :)
brigittekong That panda express was not as delicious as it should have been
kangaGiroux Used this free time to clean up the facebook pics
have a nice dream :))RT sabrinaorial Sabrina has no sleep yet. proud :)
80 days until my birthday. Not excited in the least. I'll be 26 with lots of life experience, most of it regrettably unsolicited. sad.
Just wrote what I think was possibly my best essay paper yet and I will never even get to see it again. Haha
2 more classes till I'm done
I can't wait to have OHLANDmusic at popsceneSF tonight! Some tix at the door starting at 9pm. Rickshaw Stop, 155 Fell, SF / 18+
lifes a bitch when u get stuck in themiddleof sme pples beef.
Don't forget to pray today, because God didn't forget to wake you up.
Thank God my gdads car isn't as bad as my gma said. I was really
3more weeks then I am done fore the year...!1month holiday..no cell phone and workers to deal with....can't wait....
Waking up from my nap and already pissed off, that's what happens when you talk to me when I juss wake-up
Bitches and hoes these days....
This is the 1st sunday since July that I don't hav 2 worry abt leavin Clarendon @ 5 am for work
Christmas Auto Reply... ENABLED.
I made a playlist of She&Him and dcfc songs so I can reunite my two favorite people: Gibbstack and ZooeyDeschanel
Its about to be world war 3
Aint nothing better than the way u make me feel
KenRevenge I think you're going to get tired of hearing them soon
Bout to turn my idgaf attitude up to the maximum!
hair cut inna bit<3
Three awesome women wham bless me with their wisdom and experience --> thankful grateful AfroIndianQueen nikkiclifton MuseWithMe
I just want my favorite salad ever. Why does McDonalds	ALWAYS have to be jam packed. This I'd why I really hate this place.
Wasting my life playing mw3 haven't moved from hcs&d all night
NGS NGS NGS NGS NGS NGS NGS NGS! i need to see em grades now! :|
being really excited for plans on a friday, then they don't work out.
First day of work tomorrow
=[ being home alone while being in the Christmas spirit is horribly depressing...
I think I'm really falling for you. Like, I love you. A lot. Don't ever leave me. You make me so happy. I really need to see you. <3
You think you're funny. I think you're Annoying.
I love God, family, friends.
Woke up with a sore throat and cough after hanging all night with no coat. Roommate made me turkey soup and apple slices.
Yay! Glad you liked it!!:)) “mowsea: _MarilynM just wanted to say thanks again for the aristocats mug! ive been using it every day! LOVE”
Just received a painful but real positive boost of new energy thx Chermg
NheartsNJ i'm done with the book 2 already! :))) breath-taking :o hahaha. I wonder what it would be on the movie. excited :)))
whyyyyyy must i be so awkward when i get nervous.
Trying to work out what's going on in the DRC election, and who's a puppet of the EU, of Rwanda, etc. It's all a horrific mess.
Did I do something wrong ?
Shoulder.ripped and done for.
WHY WON'T THE POKING STOP. I'M UP TO 6 PEOPLE NOW. Jessssus. I can't *not* poke them back, either. ARGH
I hate when people say I need to talk to you
Spent Chris Brown's performance hoping JB would jump out of th stage & they'd have a Next2You duet. But nope.
Chance of snow tomorrow? :)
PrincessErikaaa its VANDY bitch. can't wait to see your beautiful face!
woahdurrbabe23 I really miss you on the bus today. :/
Long day of travel. Tomorrow brings a new day to ski in Vail, Colorado
naughtyaudyy it's multiple people
Hahaha man how does that feel u got call out in front of evrbody.... swallow ur
Aw crap. My group sucks. I could only rely on one of them. I'm going to get a bad grade cause of those losers :/
that literally knock the wind out of me.
i'm gonna stop thinking too much about shit and just go with the flow and live one day at at a time
Wtf this stupid twitter for iPhone update is so stupid. How the fuck do you even check your mentions?!
“Shannon_PG: This Hail to the Redskins song may be the most terrible thing ever” <~~~~~~~ Seriously
Considering I got a job, now I can get a tattoo happy (:
Just had sex for like thirty minutes and didn't even cum....
herb welch <3
Eventually up loading my personal statement onto UCAS!
Church today , Already Late .. Again !
Bored, open gym later.
A trip overseas as a gift for graduating?! Yes daddy il take it! All i need to do is pass and graduate!
Et c'est mon...1000ème tweet! youhou :D
Why do ppl in line behind me have to stand so dam close.
You say your over me then you call me ten times within an hour. Leave me alone, we broke up. I don't regret it, I regret you.
am i free or am i tied up. thank you turkey for giving us your body to feast on.
Theres always that one person that ruins ur awesome status !
ever watch a suspensful movie you've seen before and still get nervous like the person will get caught up? yea, tht's me right now...
More students in my dance class...
These awkward moments aren't even that awkward just move on with your life
Goood Morning World :) ..& the weekend starts here.. Whoooo.. Over the moon excited!
I didn't know oomf was in love.
So ready 2 start dis NEW chapter n my life!
it always feels as if I've only been asleep for a few minutes when I hear my alarm going off in the morning
phone is on 4 percent
What's happening= 500 meter long line at Marshalls. That's what's happening. Unfortunately it's worth the savings on bombdiggity garb
Just had some porridge. My last little bit of food before surgery!
Can't wait for the day I fight my brother and he fucks me up lol
Don't even have the energy to drive home..
Can this school really not afford blinds? I'm about to get a sun burn for sitting here -___- annoyed!
sammi_smith86 Ha! Why is it that I have another cough and feel sick and I've only just got rid if it???
the night wasnt too bad...
I hate taking out my contacts....
Off to Phoenix to hand in my beloved z4 (sob) but also for sneak preview of new Honda Civic.
MeganBoley I will pretend to be so, so happy for you.
Love this time of year ...Thanksgiving THANKFUL FAMILYALLmyPLACE
JUst got a dope beat excited !
justinbieber  Falala is AMAZING Song, is the best !
And I don't know which one to believe.
Lola made a booomb feast for our Thanksgiving lunch.
Chopping up housey nags infront of the fire at home in York bliss !
tylertallant Becca_May3 eerickson07 I see you point
Why is Drizzy not a TT yet...
“yaiiimorgan: Feeling safe when you are hugging a boy taller than you. love”
This is exactly why i am how i am....
done all of my christmas shopping now.
White girls always eff up in scary movies. It's
Need to train.. Need to start lifting, kickboxing, and Bjj again so I  start MMA next year!!!
2 more days until our Field Trip ! !  : D
Soo I'm really nervous, but excited
You just got to LOVE eLiZaBeTh_ZiEs !!!!!
can't wait to see all my family over thanksgiving
It bugs me when people capitalize every letter in their sentence.
DewDropCmm did you make it home? Happy Thanksgiving Dearest Friend
Tomorrow I'm going to see him in the basketball game.
merrill67 Lol Sir...where did you come from though??? No tweet from you in Ages!!! Surprised o_O
fursid haha no, baby cousin.. N the nail broke while I was shutting the car door..
If we lose im going to get a case of beer and getting drunk.
Curled up near a fireplace in north Yorkshire
Working weekends suck:/ at least this is my LAST weekend double Monday-Friday here I come!
Happy Thursday Tweeps!!
Just listening to some Hall & Oats at work. What more can a girl ask for?
Saddest part of today was me texting you happy thanksgiving and your response was who is this ? .. That Killed me
So thankful that I am not defined by the things of this world and things that don't matter.
my brothers and some other boys who train with us are playing tomorrow against another academy. i'm coaching them.
Back in Visa!
seems masterchef is more popular than europa league on twitter. time to just ditch the 2nd tier cup? like they did the 3rs tier?
Camerin314 would be so proud of me for buying a pair of boots with a little bit of a heel! then actually wearing them!
Ok. Who's ever loud vehicle is outside of my house needs to go away
Going to watch LCGCtweets tonight at The Stables, Milton Keynes and 2020 children's choir.
Groton students are currently developing ePortfolios to capture their HS careers. Keeping a close eye on this!
Swollen eyes, a tearstained face,& sweatpants.. unhappy iwantyou </3
Here to see another day. Thankful.
New Boys concert this Saturday?? Umm, I think so ;)
I hate when id do something for someone and they wont do it for me. :c depressing.
DRIVING HOME FOR CHRISTMASSSs......
Caint wait to get back to the LOU !
I Swear iHate The Thought Of Even Havin To Ask ppl To Do Stuff Fah me
Bad day bad week
I hate moods like these
love these lay in's on a monday!
Last observation today! got my final feedback today and it was awesome!
Wearing my new 1D hoodie and T-shirt for own-clothes day tomorrow Proud :D
Wish my girl would get here so our night can start
About to take this test pray for me
Stafford just screwed us over.
I thought jessiejofficial's performance was INSANEEEE!!! She sings LIVE and she sings from her HEART! Very FEW artists do that! Proud <3
free last on a wednesday.
People still poke in fb? I swear I hate that
Headed to NYC today.
80's fashion was so androgenous.
Vote for Anthony Costigan,Eagles MDF. Follow him, support him!
UDntKnw_MyLife OMG so he just gone really chill today
ahhh i want it to be break alreadyyy:)
LucyHorobin I've bought all my decorations, just need the tree now!!
Have to wait 4-5 more months before to hear The Rocket Summer's new album!
Wish people would stay out of my business.
Got so excited over the fact they are getting pandas in edinburgh zoo!
72 hours with my family and I feel like I got my ass kicked. Loss and holidays do not mix. Ready for 2012.
I'm getting a nephew!
.from the looks of thinqs iim qonna brinq in myy new year alone.. -
Hi Thom_FAME tweets me anything please???? the little things you do mean a lot to me :D Excited 9
finna present my project...   :/
Hates it when u doze off for 45 minutes into a deep sleep!! Then wake up wide awake!
people keep moaning about qeue times, what do you expect when half the world tries to login on the best MMO called swtor....I'm
wish i could be shopping
what does it mean when the maid of honor is being bridezilla
My friends Granddad has been a Rasta all his life, he currently suffers from dementia and today the staff cut of his locks and beard!
thatawkwardmoment when youre the only one in the theatre to laugh at the line
Joey7Barton Wow, I think your the 1st footballer I know that doesn't take the piss out of hockey
that one person that says there drawing is crap or saw they are shit at somthing for attention
Lauren_Barker2 I've still never seen your house..
Interview today... Wish me luck!
I hate when people act weird when they text.
And now Leomon29 will be singing wicked tunes all night.
why are some people so
Substituting at BAS tomorrow. First time I'll run a classroom. And getting paid! Bet!
What would the world do without MUSIC???!!
Another day to breath thanks to the most high
Dear God I thank you for everything you gave to us you keep them devilS away from us & you finally made a way for us
Ew fuck my sister smells like rodent shit.
2YearsNaturally OMG. I totally remember jamming out to that song. LOL JK. Still do. :)
R.I.P Katie Tidwell. We miss you babygirl & i hope your having a good time in heaven, Forever In Our Hearts. </3
Ill take rain over snow any day!
Recalled how 3 tough boys ran like kids when a DAMN huge bug flew into our room last night embarrassing MrChewKeGin MrClementWong HAHA
When your never good enough for someone it's hard to keep trying to prove to them that you are
Had a wonderful date tonight. What's a real relationship without reciprocity anyways? Moving forward with a smile...
man, im sitting here watching this show and they keep singing the same music they play at Hollister.
HOPE ME ND MY WILL WILL CAN WORK THINGS OUT WITH OUR RELATIONSHIP
It's the love of my life and my best friend PalakAttack 's birthday and I'm 2786 I'm away...
JonasJerebko Can't wait to see u back on the court :)
Bumpin this JokerTooCold wss2 before the bama state championship game!
DaniAmmons it's not gates birthday
Gonna get my christmas tree and decor tommorrow!!!!!
dude your getting on my last nerve!
Had an ok day. Looked at itinerary for everest base camp.
the first thing i do when i wake up in the morning is reach for my phone, lol.
kenziemarie39 lol next weekend we can watch the entire series together :) HarryPotterDate Excited <3
Whenever I see a stinkbug I just make my dog eat it
HGpromobozz: TallTCheckboy: Biqqest problem in Orlando now..... No support and no unity!!!!
Ultra happy with tonite's gym performance. 6kms in 41 mins. 5x500 row sprints from 154 to 205. And some resistance work. Happy doddas
Don't try to make your lips in a shape of a heart...doesn't wok
finally!!:d“bangduck94: After 4 hrs of wrking on the amazing essay i finally finished and it was good proud”
Aw, snows melting. Soon everything will be wet and ugly and we won't get off school
I'm ready to welcome 2012.. Can't Wait..
Just looked at the pics from last night and all I can say is W.O.W.
Overwhelmed by the goodness of Father God! We are a blessed people. Speak of His goodness today among the generations.
Loves Thrusdays!!!! Just knowing that fridays tomorrow makes me Happy :) <3
I may FINALLY have my first retouch job!!!
For everything and everyone in my life I'm very
Waking up in GA < waking up in the Bahamas, Virgin Islands, or Puerto Rico
Avatar in da bus!!
Too exposed. Too afraid. Too accepted.
he is a clown, but hes sooooo cute.
Semester test are over for me
I hate public transport, the smell is knocking me sick
This chick fil la im smashing tho..is
Just gonna lay here and listen tto music Home Alone with nothing to do no-one to talk to :(
Snow has no use to me anymore...i no longer can have snow days.
watched The Ring on friday night, and i didn't even get scared.
Work at 9am tomorrow... joy. -_- Lol.
Me sayin somethin bout u bothered u that much...
one week til' my birthday!
Eating beef Lasagna nd beer...location Pavilion-Spazzio bar...
my dog is trying to rip my sock off while I'm watching tv....
Sarcasim... More people need to start recognizing the difference.
Just woke up 10 minutes ago and still made the bus
Never lived in the projects,always lived in 6 bed rooms or better..not knockin the ppl that do,im just being
New Owner this time. “DaveGreeneKFNS: doubld22 sounds familiar....oh wait, thats because the same was being said just a few yrs ago Sad”
As sundays go, this has been a good one!
Good times with brax(: glad we worked everything out
Mike went through all them shreds just to get boo door back...
As usual just me and my amazing grandmère, enjoying some late night wine & desert, &  of course making fun of everyone.  
listening to country music before bed
Looking forwad to seeing MAPRGHP tomorrow :), going to be a good weekend
This is killing me. I miss him sosososo much.
People who cry & bitch for attention
Tnn7t.I have like 10 shits to do,I started 5 of them & wasted hours to end up not completing the tasks.Now I still have 10 tasks
Loving the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade and helping mom in the kitchen. Last year I was in St. Louis on tour! Happy to be home.
how can apple HK have just 24 iPhone 4S's grrr rage $#!7
This is the worst hospital ever my room is the hallway.....smh
Wow, ik ben nu al wakker. Wat is er mis met mij?
Waited an hour on a bus just to get to the post office
FELISZIA heyyyy!!! I CANT WAIT TIL YOU COME TO DUBAI.. Me, you and raunak can like meet up somewhere..
I'M HURTING ND HE DNT EVEN THIS
I'm allergic to guinea pigs. That's
Looking for apartments in NYC...EXCITED!
Ending my night with friends playing quarters!
what the fuck happened to you...
Its impossible to not argue with him.
Oh brilliant, up late again!
Everytime the rainfalls this lady talks about how she is lonely and you know those 5 letter words
Feel so out of touch from the world, don't have my phone and haven't been to school since friday
sooo tired of seeing these college commercials. & why the hell is everybody singing?!
These new Disney channel movies and new shows are really stupid.
its been over a hour now and you would think my new iphone would be restored by now...but its not :(
Awww my friend dcterry is in twitter protective services smh and all this time I thought u was an excited thug  LOL
Just purchased sonic the hedgehog on my phone
Did I already miss mtrench preform at the AMA's? D;
Birthday is in 10 days... I cant wait... Im going to party like its my last birthday.....
My God I can't wait to move out of Stafford, this 95 traffic is taking year's of my life
My  little Lyssa is gone
Dinner was great! Thanks BossMan. Always spoiling me!
AustinMahone Oh, nevermind.. you had me going! I thought you ate that many Goldfish. :( disappointment Iloveyouanyways :)
can't you feel my heart beet fast ii want this to last
Why must I suck at public speaking!?
“wyattlee_ I love laying down with my boyfriend.   love”
bronowski42 that's my sammy.
Matt_Baby _ArrogantMFer lol idk but he can get watever he want
Wishing this sickness would just leave me alone
GOOD NIGHT!!! i'm sooo sleepy :| one of the happiest days in my life, in 4 days i will get to see THE itsmekrisaquino in person  
I don't see Flirty Girl Fitness being useful unless you buy the pole .....and the pole is $260.
When greeted with a geniune smile...you have to be a really miserable person not to smile back
a eu 1930 visites du 14/11 au 20/11 c'est wow
2 hours with   KyleeShelhamerky tomorrow
alanna_rose4 thanks love see you tomorrow.
Jenna_marie04 picture this.. A year from now we'll be living together :)
Quit asking me who I like , I like no one
no more school this week! love.
Hes not worth my time anymore. Im wasting precious time on him cuz hes just too dumb to realize how much i love him.
Don't say you're going to do something then leave me hanging; WAITING.
The girl on the left is at it again.
I swear ima kill every driving instructor so there's no more driving classes
EmmaK67 Is that a code? It's like being in a Dan Brown novel. Exciting.
Just realised how much I actually miss my crazy friends from home who have ventured to different uni's!
Would like to watch a movie WITHOUT the commercials.
I don't always like to go out and party on my fridays. Sometimes I just like curling up on my couch and watching a movie realtalk happy (:
1 more week after dis..
I used to be in dancing and was so flexible and I've been out of it 3 years & I'm going back in the new year :) excited.
Give Thanks to The LORD For He is Good; His Love Endures Forever -1Chronicles 16:34...
New yellow jeans love ASOS
Never going to sheris with eric and jonny again! making me lick jam and shit.
nobody's texted me today except for one person
Why when i stand and put my ankles together my knees don't touch with each other!? even though i'm not fat!!!!! -crying-
IFOUND THE GOLDEN POSTACHIO ON ANGRY BIRDS! WHY CANT MY BIRDS GO THAT HIGH?!!
I just love being bitched...by everyone
Seeing you & remembering our memories make me sick.
Hoy es uno de esos DiasParaRecordar 02/12/11
MargaretLo Hi. Your avi makes my heart happy.
i just love when people tell me i dont need to know something.
abbyyyreneee OUR* and your not. disappointed :(
Country music is amazing
People that post statues on Facebook every five minutes..... Stop. Facebook isn't Twitter.
Could be so much more productive is Grove City internet would actually work!
dougiemcfly I thought you'd be doing starjumps? disappointment ;)
Not feeling this school thing today Tired and
Does anyone know if Duncan's here
CBIRD_88 you are a huge loser getalife jk
Redecorating mi casa without mi familia
jessredenbach I went there yesterday, it was a time consuming & financially painful experience
AliciaMouser because Percy is perfect for you <3
Up thanking God for another of breathing on my family and I once again
Im only responsible for what I say, not for what you understand
I actually feel sorry for them occupy ppl in cold.  Maybe I will drop them something warm tomorrow.
Going to go see Glendale Glitters and then off for some German Food.
Feels oh so good to have the students back...they bring so much joy to my life.
G_Savs congrats on the W...
i mean xhalez not myself....  lol
Woody_Wilder I went to the game where they played them in the chickfila bowl a couple years ago. We won by 20
I showered like four hours ago, why is my hair still fucking wet
Damn I got turkey creepin out my throat..
No one to play CONNECT FOUR with me I D CLARE WAR with me
Had to turn off that daily alarm asap! Cos allows waking up at 7am for no reason, that wouldve been some real
My favourite KatyCat with an accent is def katysleftboob   That bitch :)
example number 6 on Boys of 2011 top 20 gewannnn!
why isnt my bass working :(
that sucky ass moment when you think someones doing something nice, then you realize theyre just doing it for their own good
Me and Brooke listening to only sad songs
God has blessed me with so much. A loving family, friends, a home and so much more. But most importantly He saved me from myself.
A week of blessing...has begun!
Day by day in realizing how soon I have to leave brettparr and it breaks my heart.
djmelboogie hope you feel better! Get plenty of rest!  LOVE!!!!
JISO57 you weren't excited just to see me Jojo ?!
Just left my grandparents house...if everyone had the heart of grandparents the world wld be a better place!
Mii phone is completely off now
I seriously dislike being home alone !
Off to Miami in 27 hours for BSBCruise2011 w/ kaherbers See ya soon nickcarter brian_littrell skulleeroz howie_d SO excited :)))
Last practice the day before our last game of 1st half and 1 guy shows up for practice. wonder why we struggle to get Ws!
It hurts my feelings when I see parents feed their kids bad/junk food.
Brooke really helped me!
We have so much to be grateful for. By practicing gratitude, even for the minuscule things, every thing becomes more significant.
Lebleu<3 down to earth people. YOLO  I ain't nervous.
Sometimes you think people get mad at you for something you didn't do at all, and sometimes it is paranoia for loosing someone you love.
Seeing MrPeterAndre next year!thank you mummy!
Heading to Amherst for the first time this attention afternoon.....
This used to be my fav show excited .
ahhhhh just found out most the CrimMinds_CBS cast are on twitter excited!
«THEDERRICKROSE No more Lockout! Time to go to work!!! excited!»
I can't even imagine what it'll be like when it comes for me to start filling out applications for colleges
Woud love to record a video response of all the La' Aus Fans within our community. The support & response is amazing guys!
First time a girl has came over to my house in a while...
I just Realized that there is still 3 more days for weekend
SearcyDudley my grandma doesn't have oxygen :(
No more orange soda?!
Uhhh I got hw & my ass on twitter & jamminnn
Really wish decisions in life could be easier. Not like this where I'm  completely torn in half between 2 choices.
Best Sunday in a while, had a little of everything
Why can't life be like a movie?
Saturday spent doing work instead of playing footy
Pats didn't cover. I took the day off from NFL
BigBallaWood what thee? She added em hendrickson and she almost started crying when emma gerdes said she'd add her.
Oh lord...this woman called me back about the apartment.
On the couch with a beer while watching elf!
Taking it alittle over the top; planning to stay up till 12 just to check all my VSsecretrewardscards! <33 HOPING FOR $500 :p
Why do I all of a sudden become dumb when I start doing my Spanish homework?
I hate when people put words in your mouth! Hoe shut up you don't know what I was gonna say
Venicefanau Signing up right now for Season1! Excited!
Annyzzi <<< kede, q não aparece?
erinsullivan_ like I'm beyond excited !
Awkwardly video taping myself pretend teaching a lesson lol
84ltd officialgg10 bad example for the students of today disappointed  not mad just disappointed :|
Fatima makes me want to throw up
Lucas16Barr wish I came with you tonight
i absolutely love good morning texts
I got a tattoo my second one at that, that's not why my body went crazy!
Cookin with my mommy
90 yards of total offense on the very first drive, yet, no points…
Just went to my lil sisters band concert, she did good (:
What a douchebag ! Who doesn't hold the elevator when you see someone running down the hall to catch it!!
Idk what to do
T-Mobile Christmas commerical -
Thanksgiving at my house consists of family, warhammer, video games, movies and olot of food. happy :)
Finna do these dishes cuz ima be up all night doin this hw -_- irritated!
I am in such a good mood and I have no clue why!
For 45 min now
Why can't I sleep in? It's break!
I Prob. Could Eat All Terita Food And STILL Be Hungry...
Got 2 of my study abroad packets in the mail today!!!! One's very thin and the one from the program i want to go to is very thick!
Jus wlkd in my mama house from last nite...
lil_DJ_Drama i know. you got me into that song now!
On my way too New York :] <3.
Thankful for my family, my friends, and my love Zach_Ineman .... Life would not be what it is without them
Jason, bye bye
When You Get A Car You Start Hearing From Old Friends
morgan_mccall I mean you would think they could get nets without holes in them, I mean come on!
omg I found my video of zayn Louis and Liam
So I made it to school, but I left my Lunchable at home.
Today is 11/11/11 in case you guys didn't know.
It sucks when yesterday I had to rake all the leaves out to of the yard and this morning they all blew back into my yard last night
I'm literally smiling and laughing out loud.
JayFreaKay yeah mate. We'll be like Jesus, it will only be written we did isht buh we won't show up to back it up n do it again
helll yeah, princess diaries is on!
How was I the only one who didn't know Metro Station broke up! First P!ATD and now them depressed!
smhatef There were random guys playing today that wouldn't have gotten time on my basketball team. No Wall. No KD. No K-Mart.
Yes Mom. I will have an attitude towards you after you ask me the same question over and over again.
That's not the play we needed... Disgusted VT_Football
Despite Gus Johnson's best attempts, I will continue watching the B1G Championship.
Wanna know why I love twitter? I have not seen one stupid tweet about bradford. annoying twitter>facebook
todays test was good Happy!:)
I love the American church atmosphere, it always makes me feel so happy!!! <3
DanielBunn90 on way 2 Kasabian
Get me out of this class.
Rainy days and storms are the best! but not when i have to play soccer..
I would like to wish my beautiful girlfriend jessica062 a very happy birthday. I hope she has an amazing day.
Battlefield why doesn't the headshot count show up on the dog tag?
Jammin to destiny's child - 8 days of Christmas with mama Li!
Oh god ima text him for the first time :3  Nervous..
So glad I just got to see some girls underwear...
Today I had that gingerbread feeling. thankful. seasonsgreetings jinglebelltimeisaswelltime.
Some say the world will end in fire, Some say in ice. From what I've tasted of desire, I hold with those who favor fire....
Who is lucky enough to have this whole week OFF for Thanksgiving Break?  Wishing you many Adventures with Family & Friends! Be Thankful!
You think your popular coz one celeb tweeted you and your up yourself I'd unfollow you but I don't wanna lose a follower annoying!
Two weeks till Christmas EXCITED!
waddupkasper ...why do they need to block tumblr!
My brother is so Annoying.
You Dont Really Matter or Care To Ppl Til You Dead &Gone
another dreadful day at school without my friends!!! -____-
hollywooddmw OMG!!!!! I had to work tonight & I have to work Fri!! I MISS YALL!!
Had an amazing day
Ain't talked to SexiiFaceAnna in like 3 days
cowboys defense isn't cutting it right now.
Talent Show in 2 days nervous!
I may love you, but that doesn't mean you don't frustrate me. neglected.
Its a beautiful Day
I wanna fall so in love with you, and no one else could ever mean half as much to me as you do now.
So awkward in this house
I don't need guys today (: only the things I'm thankful for <3
Those days when everything says today is going to be a good day and then it's not!
Downloaded Buble's xmas album
Ah! 9 days of school left until Christmas!
and you. You smoke? GOSH. So much for wanna be the first choice and all. Sigh.
sheikynyc thank you babe!
Just got hired by a fantastic funeral home to help celebrate their community vis a vis their upcoming 75th
Happy Birthday to the wonderful and beautiful BeccaLefkowitz!!
Super duper not in the mood ready to Be sleep right now.
Forgot to turn off work alarm. Woke up 1.5 hours before i needed too. Can't sleep after i hear an alarm. Ugh
CarsonCruea Wish i was 21 so i could drink my sorrows away.
jessicahowza ingrown toe nail is worse haha I had it during football
Just finished my test
Driving home with my coffee frap after a great weekend celebrating my bday with my family.
Quit telling me you like me if all you do is talk about your ex all the time.
I look like some sort of magician! Maybe now people won't ignore me all the time randomspongebobfish honestlylol'ed at that
Get out of my house Ughh
My birthday is next Sunday. I'm only turning 20 so I still have to drink illegally.
That's good T.I puts his family first !
when i hear my boyfee's brothers voice, i just get the chills and want my boyfee.  i seriously dont like him.
never do a to be honest when you get your facebook notifications sent to your phone
I don't think my cat is growing.
Das echt zielig glenn die heb je van mij & Florid
Im actually tempted to practice my spelling because its so bad.
I just got a tub of raw shea butter.
I'm obsessed with checking my etsy page to see who's viewed my art.  loggin off now and cleaning.
seriously? for once, you didn't have to ask me to clean my room or do the laundry and you're gonna complain?
Only 18days till we arrive in Sydney to hit the beaches and bars hope the weather is ok EmilySymons_  really looking forward to it
you can't say the Rams played tonight. All you can say is that the Rams were on TV...
I received the second exciting bit of news today, but still cannot share! One more thing to line up! Fingers crossed. Unbearably excited!
why do i ALWAYS open the door on people in public restrooms?! GoingPotty? Surprise!
Reece Mastin - Good Night went platinum in a week.
on facebook looking at pictures from Rhythm Knights. Realizing how much things have changed...don't like it. sad.
Figured out my gift for my secret santa thingy.
Cartoon Network is straight up shit now man...
New season of kardashians tonight!
Glad to be home in my own bed
Watching Mean Girls with victoria_lynnnn! addicted to this movie. Can't wait to see that cutie ColinMark tomorrow. :)
Boys who tweet silly things simply so girls tweet back
3 hours & 7.5 minutes until I get my first tattoo!
Magicmac31 rise and grind baby!!! I haven't been to sleep lol.. Get my results of my hip MRI today.. Pray for me bro..
don't want to go to school tomorrow..
Annoying day so far....besides the Broncos and TimTebow :)
I hate driving in the rain
Some times you just need a serious hug!!!
Great lost my laser and my dignity somewhere in village last night
Somehow my conversation with frank6loves6you turned into us quoting One Week by Barenaked Ladies.
Wish i Hadda Shorty ta miss
Pop_Up_Vintage wonderful! Had better not cycle there then... dontdrinkanddrivekids mulled wine and public transport it is!! excited!
I absolutely adore Portobello Market, probably my favourite place in London!! Red wine time!!
days at home without my lovebug are lonely :(
He makes me sooooo happy!
Maybe it's not a reasonably adult reaction, but seeing TheHobbit trailer 4 the 1st time just now, I've started weeping uncontrollably.
In just 3 days I leave for the trip I have been waiting for for 4 years!!! excited!
My birthday is tomorrow! :) I love when my birthday lands on a friday! <3
Pizza caserole garlic bread cookies budlight and Illinois basketball. Happy.......
time to give my speech
I hope these test go well tomorrow!
Spanish is so damn confusing.
MolliHumphreys It really was baby girl, I think you're the one.
Just found out we get to be in the dorms 4 days before classes starts after break
Watching Bring It On: In It To Win It... and I'm enjoying it...
call me weird but i'm already ready to start packing to go home (:
Funny when someone shows their true priorities
I'm honestly about to punch someone in the face.
We hear it often, but let's LIVE it today...Psalm 118:24 (CEV) This day belongs to the Lord! Let’s celebrate and be glad today.
I Want Someone Too Layy Down With .
No matter what I do, it's not good enough for my mom
Make my wish come true!!! :))
Grateful to nice taxi driver who reacted to crazy bloke by saying 'don't worry about paying, just get out love and I'll sort it'
I'm so selfish
MiamiDolphins 2-7... 2 wins in a row.
up early for the first day or work
In need of some excitement. .
Been up since 5 am cleaning out my closet getting rid of clothes and shit. I just put away my summer clothes. embarrassing lol
Y does my stomach always start hurting b4 a interview!!!
can of green beans and a half can of burnt corned beef hash for lunch. love.
I miss nicholasdriver and the Tucker family already!! :( please live closer to me
Ms fickle is back once again!!!! Lucky me for having a very supportive baby sis ,abigaildelacruz . Thanks for helping me out!!!!
justinbieber we put up our christmas decorations and tree up yesterday...made the whole family listen to underthemistletoe :D x
self check out at the grocery store is miserable!
TMZ  OMG please let the Kanye & Kim rumors be false!
Hoping today goes by fast!
BritneyLindafae He_Ate_The_Cum really wish i was da one
Dreaming of life in New York with sister <3 78 days
I love adorable people.
I'll do more FFs later. Time for presentation nervous!!!
So why are my roommates talkin about how they be hearing me have sex? Lol
I really wish I had alot of money so I could get my family presents that I wanna get them:(
__Lakan Sorry boo! If you need an answer text it to Kandyce_m23, she's right beside me. surprising haha
I hate the way my mom screams at dance events.
looking online for dogs, im getting a dog next month whether PhatMack06 likes it or not
OMGlee_ Finn outs Santana?!!!!! What the heck are they doing to his character!
I can't believe I've been married almost 3 years.
Gave a clerk $20.02 for an $11.02 item. She stood there a full 2 minutes trying to figure my change...
Dayum!I just past some serious gas.. its optional to work on sat. So theres like 7 ppl here..I had to leave my desk
Rockstar in one word MAGICAL!ranbir is such a wonderful actor,he makes u feel the pain and ms.fakri what beauty ,but horrendous actor!*
MikeKellyMP yeah, noticed the SMH had discovered the idea. One country a while back started making it a priority over GDP.
. when a dude comes to your house && ask for food , its not offered or nothin
Wrecks are scary...
Love my ivory tower!
My employee benefits exam didn't go so well. Didn't study enough at all.
I have a FULL weekend ahead of me !
I forgot how fun it was to hit a pinanta !
Just lost another follower sadtweet! I hate when people unfollow me it makes me SAD!
kaciesmiley hope I dont get you sick..
stephenserink laurencarter7 hoping to make it out alive
Ever made a funny face in a shop in a mirror, then realize someone was watching you with an irritated facial expression...embarrassing!
Only one more school day left
Music makes everything better.
iCrackUriDevice since the contest ended today, when is the winner announcement?
'Another day another dollar' ...got it stuck in my head. and don't know why..I don't even know what its from!
the moment when your cheez-its run out in study hall because your homeroom is full of pigs
xXTheReal_Her Damn you dont miss seen me Sad :(
iTunes is such a waste of money I wish limewire was still around
lmao I plan to use all my choreography money from my last high school team to buy beer...they brought me to drink..and I wanna party
My baby christmas gon look beautiful
2sassy_saph1 ricky_b2 oh so y'all go without me now? sad wheresthelove lol
It's once you go to College that you appreciate the little things like spending  precious time with my grandparents
I need help
Power is out! Fill the fridge with snow?! Or put the food in the snowbank?!
twit_me_nikki Nicole..Been waitin for the call for like forever :-(
In just one of those moods to just cuddle up in my bed and watch movies.
Why is it only tuesday? I feel like it should be Thursday
he logged out real quick.
I hate when my mom is like this. I will never act like that to my kids. Ever.
smh at ohio state
I'm not high enuff for this shit! If this fucking customer don't get the fuck off my phone I'm going ape shit …
Bout to go ice skating for the first time
Happy thanksgiving everyone one
NEVER underestimate the POWER of YOUR words. They can make someone a better person, or break their heart. standtogether extremehome
It just shows what a fragile thing the mind is. 42, top of his career, managing the country he loved. Looked so with it on Focus yday
My kids are my
sami_jenkins1 dianalynn23 ahhhh cant wait!!! We arent even stopping at home before we go to the mall
The HOUR-LONG INTERVIEW I did with an artist last night ISN'T ON MY PHONE. Says it is 0sec long even though it was on FOR AN HOUR.
Life could not get any better
Working on my Language Orals!!
ARealBoyfriend only asks you for one thing:
Never get her day off to herself!!! Chups!
He's call 3 times in da past 30 min
Congratulations to dean_wilkinson on passing his viva today! My first PhD student
Ayem est l'une des personnalités les plus recherchées de l'année sur Google Images !  
Well, back to being
Christmas music in the morning makes for complete
sexyjedheads *__* i want part 3 :D :*
Found out Santa wasn't real
- were myy boyy at ?
There's always that one person you wish you did not give your number too...
Ew. Facebook is full of spam anymore.
Do yhu laugh?, Do yhu cry?, Do yhu smile?, Be Thankful !!
Only one week left of College before ChristmasTiiiiiime!!!! :D
Annie is on ABCFamily!
Finished! Our company raised over $4,000 for the norwalk emergency shelter and matched it another $4!
So sick of driving everywhere.
The life of a giants fan
always wanting to punch certain people in the face
Just realized Jeff Fuller is my neighbor
These direct messages about iPod giveaways and giftcards are really getting on my nerves!
Men, women....Bring back the love connections...throw away the booty calls!!
Wish I could push the fast forward button on life
SamdyBrown Melissa_Maria I would love, love, LOVE to tweetup with you both after then though.
i wanna go home i wanna go home i wanna go home i wanna go home
Washington, D.C. In February . . :)
Getting ready to go to yoga with leahrosebrenner!
brit_tiny13 we are almost through with our school week
Hmm turns out I can't be a Freemason....
Music, magazines and my pillow- in my element right now
Really not my day. I just spilt soup everywhere at school.
Why Is It That The BROKE NIGGAS Got The Best Head & Da Bomb On The Dick Smh.... Guess That's Cus Thats All They Have 2 Offer
Those people that like you a lot but you don't feel the same.. i just want you to be
jennings_dani I wish. Who knew you could even eat swan.. there is a turkey though
GlRLTHINGS Hmmm...and all this time I thought pillow fights in ur undies was the highlight.
for the past 1month, d only thing i do is tweet...........so
i have no life depressed...
Brittany is coming over later :D
when you completely forget the AMA's was today and just see people post on it
Watching Ms.Kuh & MINDofISABELLA at TheVenicePiazza McKinleyHill :) and the show is free! Come support your local artists! :)
Damn you rihanna. Beyonce should have won.
I had an okay day and a great night because of him
Off to Rochester today Sally's Choir School are singing
Had fun with my girls
cox5144 Tevanssss you ready for today????
This girl in my math class <<<
You came into my life to treat me a lesson. I've learned it and I can now let you and what you represent go.
I'm tired of hearing this crap already...
2 hours sleep and now work
Hit the lights de selenagomez me encanta, no lo puedo parar de escuchar, me pone happy :)
Reading back through all of the texts i have locked from him >>> :)
Christmas time is always emotional for me.. I miss my dad.
PANDORA -on the easy listening, helps u to relax n sleep comfortable ! Thank u GOD for another day u have given me !
God made this beautiful day.
I won't remember the actions that you did; but I WILL always remember the things that you said.
my twitter app on my phone is being stupid.
corban My favorite kind of errors! The kind that tell you nothing
My mother is good to me
AyyyGraber damn straight! Def excited! Both of my fingers are crossed
mission impossible needs to get off the telly. WHERE IS FAMILY GUY AND MISFITS AT
Watching the AMAs alone.
I could not be happier that I removed philosophy b from my electives right now
public speaking is the worst.
When you get so excited eating the last of something then you drop it on the floor.
While everyone in Memphis is complaining about not having snow,, I'll just sit back and enjoy the 80 degree weather here in Orlando.
Yea I slammed my door and locked it so u wasn't yelling at me anymore
So much resentment for you. Can't believe it took my five years to stick up for myself proud :)
Awwwww! Just ran into my God sister!! Haven't seen her in 2 years! She's a great soul that one.
Every school has it's kid toucher these days
My coworkers from my old job, my friends who I love dearly, & all of the awesome people I have met in the past year here in Cincy.
Blue_Eye28 Thaaaanks. :) It's the company i've worked for in Sep./Oct. this year and they want me for another 3 months in 2012! :)
My team for Young Enterprise are so annoying!!! They need to get things straight.
My Birthday is 5 Days Away
Glass of wine and Sex and the City movie.
cant wait for finals to be over!
Loving my new truck! This thing is legit!
Happy Disneyland Thursday! Can't wait to hit the parks today!
Leo_Brady you truly are a miserable asshole.
Frustrating when something breaks 2 days after the warranty expires....
It kills me to say this, but you're just like your shit excuse for friends.
Just got tickets to see owlcity in January!
bobbbyfin me and Alex were just at cjs and ya weren't there
wow so you can text me but cant take 2 minuets to answear your phone?
on the phone with derek :)
Old people eating by themselves=<\3
Hate it when my dad thinks he can be mean to me the whole day and then suck up to me at the end of the day!
I hear something buzzing…what the hell is it,
Wondering what MileyCyrus is gonna perform tomorrow...and what I'm going to wear...
23 - Liverpool have the same points as they had in 09-10 & 4 more than the 19 they'd accrued after 14 games in 10-11.
Whatiwantforchristmasis for everyone to be Happy (: <3<3
Today has been great.
Going to church then Big Spring!!
Talking about our future like we had a clue katyperry
juandiegoo2011 AnthonyStidham let me know how BreakingDawn is. Im gonna see it soon.
Pocock juniors vs senior girls volleyball game today
J_Kelvs That's it, I'm headed to the Vern!!
I love when I tell people I race bmx and they think I race motorcycles
l0l im sorry im sorry im sooorrrryyyyy !! >> LadiesLovePhil BlackAsianBritt is M.I.A! neglected!
JennySLong sarica_elaine tiff_scott44 logoss4 m_knott itsme_emilyb Marcus hasn't fallen asleep yet.
Deimn, iStill got it... This soup tastes like bliss :)
Jawan's mixtape won't act right in my iTunes ! -_-
That little light at the end of the tunnel seems a whole lot brighter now!
As the days slip away im starting to realize more and more how Real me leaving is and how much I'm gonna miss my family and friends :(
Going 2 Minster 4
rihanna when does RihannaNavy get too see You Da One video? I'm dying to see it!!
theawkwardmoment when you see a really ugly guy hitting on a really hot girl.
Deleting your number was the best thing i have ever done
I got accepted to start an intern for the FBI but first I have to go to a training camp to get fit :/
so done with my family
That feeling when you've finally got your codes working.
You know it's gonna be a good night when it begins with vodka gummy bears and bp :)
My brother is leaving soon!
Louis_Tomlinson I hate how you don't get to do solos..
ariana_lazaris -.-..and i wont calm down...my drillings on this prove to be useful and true...SO yeah :) finally admitting this
Sad weekend for all of my sports teams!
I need to control my mouth
MY NAILS ARE SO SHORT.
Boys with nice shoes and match their outfit to them
TYJ for life in my body this morning
MzChocolate_: Miss You To Sis Love haha
Why does my mobile phone get off when I want to send a stupid text message?!
People who dig for and crave attention
I did what you want so your happy
Movie Night w/ my lovies alwaystall61 and upcominproducer
chitomirandajr Welcome to Edmonton! see you guys later:))
Sick of losing the people that I love.
gleeonfox in an hour and a half!!!!
Situations will arise in our lives, but you gotta be smart about it! nowplaying: You Don't Have to Call - UsherRaymondIV. LOVE <3
When girls and guys don't put on deodorant and they have really bad b.o
“baddaXXshawnie: Belly rings and big stomachs. Lmao”>>>>
ooh listening to Chris Barber and Louis Armstrong
Well looks like have picked guide for everest base camp.
So after my teacher graded our physics final today, she said none of us failed. I was soooooooo HAPPY !!!!
Police have pretty much blocked dalston lane.
Sunday..only a day away
Waking up 6am to catch Real_Liam_Payne on twitter only to see he was on 34 minutes ago :/
Daniel Radcliffe's the only guy who I'd marry who is shorter than me.
SoundGroupie Awesome! I've got the whole lex luger kit and zay, and pyrex. these are new to me!
1st Driving lesson in 15 minutes,
Why isn't the Barcelona Real Madrid on tv?!
PoiZzoNaToR we relayed 5 flags to win.
MomentsICanNeverForget When I Fell In Front Of ......... Trying To Be Cute , Lmao Embarrassing .
Going to see katyperry, box-seats at madison square garden
How the eff did some people get their license...cause I swear people don't know how to drive!!!
Mood just went from an 8 to a 3.
Feel like I'm gonna get mugged, and I've just seen my first prostitute
Gotta love when nothing seems to be going your way
Ohhhhhhhh & finally got an outfit for kimbos bday night out :) girlsnight Ansaaa excited x
So I guess there are good people in this world , found my coach purse at krogers in the lost and found(:
Wish i was at the midnight premiere of breaking dawnnnn.
it doesnt take years to start changing your life...you must make a desicion on start practising it from that moment... i have made mine
naomimachin bitchhh :( hope your feeling better soon. Ps rizzle kicks ahhhhhh
Who's going to be the newest members of the ULM PREP family?
like how old are we? we could've gotten this itinerary and read them at home like everything else in college >_<
(: On my way to see my baby girl SummerGeee
“StephenMiller: Take 5 minutes today to look around & bask in the beauty all around you. Soak it in & praise God for it. Thankful”
that depressing moment when u see your idol retweet your friends tweets & not yours.
can't believe I lost you:'(
About to skype my mum for the first time since I left the UK
Really don't want to be sat next to an Asian on this flight
darn those children outside that keeps on crying every night.. Ever since they got here, it has been too noisy.
Think its funny peeps say Denver_Broncos are playin gimic football even though football was originally a running game
I'm about to listen to it
Alexinhofficial You're so sweet!!! Love!
old times come back
Te hecho de menos
2mggu lagi,, free homework
I wish I was off work before it got dark outside
Playing Mario party by myself.
Next week is goin' be bomb (;
moll_a we do indeed :) after little lana :) it was such a cool production. oooo
Ugh I'm getting demoted to concession and back-up for box office for this set. Then I'm the closing cleaner
Man, people needa either stop facebook fights, or just delete their profile.
IWishThat I had a boyfriend at times..I hate bein lonely...
chelseySAYS_ yea yea... AND WHY THE HELL OOMF KNEW YOU WAS AT HOME BEFORE I DID! Hurt lol
when's the next wrestling meet?
Going out the country on my honeymoon after the holidays Cnt wait
Koscienly goes to RB..apart from that no changes to the squad..the team is gelling pretty well..
Wish I could have seen you too...
I Just Want To Thank GraffitiDC hdfatz & thecentermag for tweeting & spreading the word about my cousin Crystal Anderson.
Hmm not in the best of mood right now.....
Be back in 30 minutes with my new inkkk excited!
Natetheworld agreed, brother. Been a bad couple of weeks.
I guess I'm fenna call.
2nd day of training...
Some people jus have no manners. IRRITATED !!
Ok chitown I had a great time .. Now back to MY CITY!!
Background bout last tweet; this girl from suisun pretended to get kidnapped into the sex trade for attention..
ragenmariewhite didnt walk with me 2day 2 5th period
... I just totally made like half my TL about Up.
She taught herself that !
Can't even build my Lego..
Really needed that trip home..
Rihanna is on 3 out of the 6 buttons on my radio..
Awesome can't get my license till Monday, aunt Reggie isn't coming to turkey day,
sippin on somethin [like usual] wit my honeyy bunn.. no stress when ur in tha cloudz!
It's Friday! : ) Shopping at the mall, watching Breaking Dawn! Then staying with ashybearrr , love spending all day with her. <3 Excited!
I'm so excited for my new hair style I am getting next time! anxious lol
just mistletoe, over and over and over. justinbieber
veschwab it was a really late bday gift from an ex-bff and now I just got around to reading it!
yah im ready to get the f outta here.
fozzy out for the season :(
On the long lonely train ride home :( at least I have an iPhone to keep me company
Could never watch Question Time again after my last viewing of it. Proper got my blood boiling.
YEAH hocky within an hour
people who publicize they smoke weed, you're not cool you're
Just got home.....eating yogurt and lying on my back
My TwitPics work now :-) !!!!!!
To the Euro kiosk dwellers at the mall....for the last time, NO! YOU CANNOT PUT LOTION ON MY HANDS
gonna see taylor again soon <3
i should be sleeping & dreaming
You can tell when ppl are watching the game alone, because they facebook each play by play.
Thank God For Letting Me See Another Day
In my eyes its a need but in urs its just a want two points of view one feel
Looking forward to seeing my Diva amydougal111 tonight! excited!!! x
25 St-Emilion, St-Julien and St-Estèphe 2002s for lunch. Only three or four I'd care to have a second taste of.
Went to target and didn't see _Runk
Girls who act like they like/know what's going on in football.
Interview today yay.... nervous lol
this mom needs to shut up
Oleksandra23 I love you! Why the fuck aren't there treats in this bitch?
i never make evryone hepy.
not looking forward to this.
I hate how I have to do my job and someone else's when I do not need to.
Bed time! Then going to see the Nutcracker tomorrow!
Some ppl jus don't have that gift of common sense god happen to bless me with!
Sitting on the floor getting sad by the moment Man I miss my grandpa!!
I have to wake up 07.00, that means I have 3 hours of beautysleep.. yayy................................................
littlewingedpig if they don't understand that then they're not worthy of being in your life. You're perfect, flaws, mistakes and all.
The radio is playing live song's from the taylorswift13 concert.
Breaking Dawn with LexiJaydeWeaver 
Heyy don't forget shout out Sunday is tomorrow … lol she will be shouting out lol jk not funny
Olivianeely  literally so disgusting. Referring to your next status, I'm doing the same...but not my boyfriend, hers
Just picked up the wrong cup full of patron
Pretty sure I know right from wrong, stop treating me like I'm 5
ChrisBROma caro_voo_lou16 alright alright let's
KL_LMSHERRILL texxt me it,buddy!
Why did this dumbasss have to wake me up ?!?!?!
Pray for Afridi everyone!
2 more sleeps till Landann!! excited!!
dont tell me to be somewhere at a specific time if your going to be late
There is snow on the ground in milwaukee
RealSkipBayless YES he should've gone to police! Really? Whatever, children's lives now ruined. Good news, we still have football.
LSUShep10 he deleted the tweet
Aloud out tomorrow night excited :):)
ChardSwissnym Oh, Maher. Not Mayer.
Ahhh crucible time!!
I don’t want anyone else to take my place in your heart....
When someones replying really fast and then you send a risky text and then dont reply within 5 mins
Just got bck from da movies nw layn cuddle with my baby
I miss jumping okada,d breeze ehn..
sterl_sterl nothing at all lol.. In literally watching paint dry ( nail polish)
When your phone rings but its not who you wanted to text you.
My mom just got back from the e.r she has to go to he neurologist for a tumor in her head :( worried #
Thank a soldier for their sacrifice...
Just catching up on Don't Tell The Bride from last night and up pops our wedding venue as the brides perfect venue.... Eeek!
Shanynnyn i feel the same way.
I love my job-- I really do-- but some author training calls really defeat me!
Pourrait-on me dire le produit utilisé par Nadal pour son infiltration au genou :) ?!
losing your match 15-1
My old friend who I've fought with told me happy birthday and hugged me today :)
i really hope nothing changes... i like how everything is right now :)
I miss my dad.
Kinda wish I was going to the mac miller concert
Smashing on sum mcdonalds
Do not trust yourself to some one,you don't
my friend is getting married . . . we have ah wedding to start planning!
Heard Lauren_Ashlee09 played great tonight! proud welcomeback!
Wish i could watch all my jerseylicious episodes but my sister takes up the basement all the time
Good Morning Everyone, Blessed to see another day!!
Just noticed how much I love twitter...it's so much better than facebook...
NC State really brought their A game
Mom bringin home breakfast
i love it wen me nd oomf are on gud terms =)
God is always sending me a blessing in disguise. thankful!
The best feeling you ever felt and the worst feeling you ever delt with
Like takecare wasn't even that good
bout to go to lexington with jenkins_brooke
Even if violent rain falls down And strong winds blow about
11'11'11 - 11:11 Roosjexoxo
Ckyriacou93 thanks for answering my question, Chris like his brother chatting shit on social networks
toughh situations really show you who your real friends are, who is always there for you, & who never was   thankful.
It's Abt to b father an daughter time, best time I ever spend
Getting an outfit for the onedirection tour today
i dont wanna bring a kid into this world.
Cold and frosty morning, with a gingerbread latte
mylife ; not too much to brag about, a whole lot to be THANKFUL 4
Aaa wut is wrong w Granada , like dang don't y'all kno it's thanksgiving , is a extra day of school really needed ???
C_Austin3 I thought we had that connection where you'd just know....
welp, there goes my weekend. :(
juliaoleigh I haven't even left school yet and I already want to come back...
The amount of headaches I've had these last couple months is ridiculous.
Just saw that chuckwicksmusic is following me on twitter!! My life is now complete!!
why in the freakin world do i have 2 different pics as my profile pic??!
S/o to all my followers, I beef it up for no reason with yall in mind.
Why is it that the two things I love most in college I can never remember...dreaming & partying
PPaudioteam My Thursday mornings now consist of looking for Astro on Youtube to see what he did last night!
The faces that hlwalker2910 and I make at each other while in the library=priceless
this time tomorrow I will be on a bus going to ITALYYYY:)))))))
My word was I sleepy in church.
absolutely love my best friend lobow_22 we have the most random, awkward, dumbest ISJ's. But I wouldn't want it any other way. <3
I hate when you make a appointment for a certain time and u still have to wait
Gonnay try to do a duo with the pictures.. Hope it works! And I will give it to him in the upcoming concert..InshaAllah  LALALAL-
thingsimthankfulfor my amazing girlfriend, my family all the boys
When you see that guy you like with another girl :/
justinbieber underthemistletoe Is AMAZING..sucess in the world, follow me please..
I need to watch a really funny movie right now
Always find it an achievement when i find an extra large chip from mcdonalds
on the way to go showjumping with Daisy & Alex excited xx
TRUE LOVE-when the person isn't around u u feel incomplete (adam and eve; god took his rib and made a woman- his woman)
just got to spanish and there are 4 pizzas, donuts, chips, popcorn, drinks, cookies..
My boots are falling apart :(
Up early, rolling on the interstate cruising to Dee1music getting me inspired for the day ahead of me!!
everyone at lunch is talking about jingle ball..
First cuppa of the day,
When people fight over twitter.
I won't change for anybody. Just accept me like this.
Yea it's nice to know i can't even trust somebody in my own house
hate not knowing what to do,
So happy babe finally agreed to go see the muppets after this! Yay
kimbojimenez worst groupmate ever. make her go to training with you, let him/her see how it feels!
139 days till graduation & moving to boston
Wats up wif all these 'gift cards' and 'ipad gifts'????
She CRAVES attention... Sad Smh
Live tweeting TG: it's all devolved into pub cheese.
It's real love when he not only loves your jazz collection, but adds to it too.
Totally meant we're gonna beggg KaineTheBrave to open his gift tomorrow TNXomicron
Glenn013 wat jij wilt man! thanks!
Home sweet.....just kidding
SydStuck33 so excited to go to Florida with u! We r gunna have so much fun starting in January! Love u!
kathadu yes, but I'm not too optimistic at this point :( Think it will end with a 10k gap and neither of us budging
I'm So Proud Of My Mommy Making The Thanksgiving Dinner Possible...As She Does Every Year....
I figured out twitter!!! (:
wiemelsfbaby I mean if someone txts back fast it some times comes up above the message I sent them.
Staying away frm home.....if I go there I will def fall asleep
If you're gonna tell me to go somewhere, learn how to give damn directions first.
one more hour and then im h-town bound!!
1 more week of thursday work, then getting that DANK Check
i hate knowing ur voice is the first thing i hear in the morning
rockstarjen Do you celebrate an adoption day? We celebrate the day we re-entered the US from Belarus.
Cheer competition with JV!!!! Let's go JENKS
being interviewed and on the spot
lexiiloo15 as long as you use good words and don't make them stare at us!
Everyday that it's nice out I play football with sophomores or juniors that probably don't want me there
didn't come home to babysit
First final tonight at 8
What a productive night of coding! Crunching through the task list with ease.
12WBT mishbridges Already counting the days till next round and only finished yesterday!
Cards win, and my brother gets married today.
ATTENTION: Dumb drivers please get off the road! Yall are driving me insane!
No school equals movie day!
caitlinmoran's book on bbc2 now.
Lovely shopping trip followed by a burger king! Now home to watch Alvin& The Chipmunks
So tired of having sinus colds
My final doesn't start until 10 but I've been up since 8. Thanks nerves for waking me up! Mehhhhhh
Don't even have an advent calendar
The captions on your new pictures are pathetic.
Hope Ben's operation goes well, he's like a brother to me
my heart is a road and theres only one way to enter
Oh shut up... Your CUTE but i still can't stand you.
4:16 am here. So tired. Have to get ready for our school national day celebration. I'm gonna b painting faces :D
i miss my family i cant wait for thanksgiving break!
-_________- that's exactly why I want my own place! I full said this is mine! Eat it and die aand some1 ate it
Wanna be with you during Christmas sad:(((
i think this is a hangover... my first
colleen8809 we can take those guns and shoot ourselves now.
All I ever wanted was WoohDaKidBSM to RT/follow me :)
When someones not what you're looking for.. they're more
And as i place another member from that family on the cut list
i cant believe how long my hair got! havent straightened it since summer or cut it since february! ahhhh
Good long fight with Apple TV... We didn't win.  Mirroring issues.
too many drake quotes takin up my news feed
On our way to see the Trans Siberian Orchestra so
thankful for everyone i have in my life
fatbellybella I was just singing one of your songs to myself and then you tweeted - amazing <3
love how my phone has no service. iphone i feel lost without you working, plz find service <3
Spent three hours researching things for this speech due tomorow. Made a PowerPoint, then realized I did everything wrong.
If I get homework tomorrow I'm gonna rage!
Laying here with my baby
Am I the only one without a grade back yet?!
I just hate when your on the phone with someone and their busy texting like theres no tommorow !!!!
I hate when people call me to make plans then tell me they can't go?
There's only 1600 adult pandas left in the world?
my mom keeps yelling in panda express.
Mi grandma is fckn up mi high
I wish I was back asleep. When I'm dreaming, I can pretend you're still here
We haven't done anything and you're tired?!
And..... I don't even want to see you anymore
I made good choices today C': proud.
I just LOVE my life
ayagelle im now fixing my stuff. and also excited to travel :D hahahaha. nervous.
I'm stressed ! So I can't get my work done; & deadline is tomorrow...
What is w all the alleged sexual abuse in college sports?
French country side with a hint of Switzerland and german mixed in
I'm getting closer to college and I'm loving the feeling.
I swear ppl just be saying anything on this thing!!!
officialjv just remembered that pic of you and me looking on the 18th at carden park isn't there ....
When your family can't take a joke.
In lunch these white girls was kissing and one of em had a sucker and they was passing it around the table
EricKeebler Auburn is even worse than I thought.
jessvaak do you remember when her birthday is? surprise!!
So we was supposed to go to the mall since one ..
Tripped over a traffic cone. People saw.
By this time next week,ill be in Florida
this kid just keeps playing the same song over and over again
Misses the surreal elements of previous Kitano films, but its undeniably stylish, funny and entertaining. Violent too.
verymarykate Thank God! I've been going through some serious withdrawals!
Ready for tomorrow but not ready for the Christmas show..been practicing all night:(
Just left work.
Sushi for dinner yummy!!!!!!!!
I thank God for all the amazing family and friends that I have in my life. I'm truly blessed.
I don't like the Heisman trophy winner...
Happy Thanksgiving to All My Followers
Goin job hunting and xmas  shopping today..
¿Cómo es eso que hab_10 está en Argentina y yo no estoy con ella?
when people just can't be bothered so you end up doing everything yourself
El Camino isn't available on rhapsody..
Daughter has just told us she is the star in the school play. Proudly I asked what her role was,A Star she said, somewhat exasperated
I get to see my best friend TOMORROW! Ahhhh :)
Can not wait to taste my grandma's dressing today !!  Yes!
I never knew you were like that.
That moment when I wanna cuddle but ur not in this state!
I totally could have gone to class.
beckyday_95 that's how it feels....
Today is so my day! I'm so
Awesome. After a minor blip, I got the classes I wanted for next semester.
LauranArtist so because you don't know you just don't respond!! Well it's the 2nd of April!!
I want to go welcome home the troops at DFW.
Lil Bro Bought Me Some Donuts
Not sure what I'm going to do without my mollybethlove coffee dates next semester.
Tomorrow Don's 6th dialouge is gonna release.
Ready for Kyle Park tomorrow!!
Its getting to be the time : §
Loving the new place with my baby!!!
well this is depressing. lonely.
JennaATD I see you following me
.cute ng msg. Alert qu Gil Ra Im's ring tone in SecretGarden hajiwon1023 super love it !!     Happiness!!
_KARINAPUENT LOL. samehere bahaha this week can go by fast wanna get to this weekend(;
Bitches who put Dick in front of they kid
Hour of my life wasted with
Going into a patrol station in my pajamas and dressing gown, and seeing someone you know X_X
You can't answer ur phone but u can. Tweet bitches all day?? Smh. GTFOH..
i just wanna be happy ..
Oh my Gawd! *sigh*
Unc in the kitchen throwing down on breakfast & thanksgiving dinner at the same time!
Just walked in on my brother wanking... awkward
So very thankful that everyone was kept safe last night! God definitely had his angels around us!
gayforlife F them lol, havent seen you in big y anymore
taaytaay123 well that could be anybody!!! frustrated lol
Okay people of facebook, posting shit just to get attention is not cute.
I'm Happy! Breathing & Blessed To See Another Day, That's Always A Reason To Smile!
My math teacher like, yelled at me this morning to take AP Calc next year. His logic? Same as college. I WILL STILL FAIL EITHER WAY D:
Already miss Ambertinnelle93 its been a while
MarionWino yeah i know :) i still freak out of happiness when i just think of his tweets :)
bed alone for the second night in a row.. 19 more nights without my boy :(
Work of Art finale!
Fake Love & Half Ass Friends...
8:30 am...this is the earliest i've woken up in the past 3 weeks...
Somehow mine & chapelmason 's Miranda videos always get brought up at my family get togethers..
I have a feeling I should love him and shouldn't
Everyone on here knows eachother personally!! Besides me ahhaah Thankful LMFAO
My life didn't start going in the direction that I wanted it to go until I let Jesus take the wheel.
I'm going to the doctor today for the MRI results or he's calling Tank to tell him! Hopefully everything good!
I think its fuck with Ashley day -___-
I wish people at work would keep up with cakes so I didn't have to end up making a million cakes at once -__-
ehasselbeck  WHAT DO YOU THINK OF RON PAUL? THERE'S NEVER A MENTION OF THE MILITARY'S 1ST CHOICE.
OMG tomorrow ONE THING VIDEO come's out...So Excited :):)
RepChuck Why should anyone donate to your campaign when all you have done is nothing? You have not helped the middle class at all
i cant wait for b.a.p.s to come on tonight ^_^
So, next Wednesday mom, Snow, and I are picking up the man dime at DFW.
Thankful for friends (new and old) who have been a blessing to me an my family in so many ways!
Crawling error is complicated...
Will be unwrapping Christmas presents and returning them tomorrow
OHHH DECORATING THESE GINGER BREAD MAN COOKIES <<33
I'm here, finally. Wish me luck.
Want somebody to call my own but these guys either cant be trusted, cant keep it real, or just aint shit!
Happy one month baby<3
Got everything ready for storm chasing tomorrow!
Double checked iTunes 'Top Self-Improvement' books Bestsellers list ... I'm still on it. Thankful.  Pleasantries.
Congrats to my Lenape Marching Indians and especially my little sister who are 2011 National Marching Band Group 2A Champions!!!
Good 7-0 win in the third round of the FA Youth Cup against Boston, bring on the next round!
I love spendin time with my family :)
Aghhhhhhhhh, I hate not being able to play!
Having a good day, thinking my night is gonna be WAY better excited :)
reecemastin i cant because of the age group thing :(
Watch something important and meaningful; The Royal British Legion Festival of Rememberance
ThatAdamGarcia oh the memories. Ice skating on Christmas day when 42 degrees outside. Eating seafood on the yarra instead of turkey
Nothing says I love you like not responding
Somehow woke up to see Drake on Chelsea Lately by complete accident. That's a pretty good Friday night in my eyes. Cantgetenough. Love.
Happy Thanksgiving from C!tyK!dz
Cmon Tyson Fury make us proud!!!
Alex said she'd carry my lil one...
i forreal got the greatest friends
People get booty tickled to fast!
justinbieber my dreams are always difficult to came true, please follow me that is my biggest dream
I miss my parents and sister. I haven't seen them in months.
emmaaanueell its coming in this week aye?
why do born again christians think they have to make everyone else a born again christian too!
kwickaweeza what can i do to improve?
TaliaaaMor Molly_Kayee Shannon_Rosen and if you give a damn take me baby or leave me!
hallasaurus I just made an apple crisp! :D
woohoooo 1 more day to go!!! ZeeAvi Homecomin Tour is tomorrow!
That moment when your shaking so hard and your dad comes up and hugs you. He doesn't know whats wrong, but he's still there for me.
justinbieber please Notice me and follback me :( ! Long time I wait for it :(
the music for i'm a celeb makes me so excited. definitely one of the best shows on tv!
Everything seems to be falling apart..depressed.
Why do teachers squeeze in test at the last minute?
Pretty girls wannah be ghetto
Let's all be happy (:
Lol. Why complain about sluts in twitter if two babies can have sex. Lmfao.
Last day at work tomorrow and then 18 days off for me!
Hate the feeling of being alone nd missing someone.
courtneykicks I'm so excited. RDJ is such a bamf. Jack and the Giant Killer looks amazing. Hoult and McGregor?
wednesday is the day i hope all goes well Excited :)
I am back in London again waiting for a bus (and hoping to see Colin Morgan) I am going to Dublin after Christmas.
WE JUST SHOOK HANDS! :D
Just realised I never tweeted about being home last night at the McCarthy's!
My mom is still not home
First customer in hairdresser
Finally got the cast for purnjanam/born again! Rehearsals start in 4 days!
ColbyLately Unfortunately i was :( i never thought you would be like that, but i was wrong.
At home depot buying a Xmas tree yaay happy:)
sorry twitter, i've missed you
hate it when people try to be a smartass and correct what i say
Family is coming up from Florida
2011 has been a difficult year for me..i had my ups and downs..but god has pulled me through..and im Thankful..
My lil brother leaves n a lil over a month to the army sadtweet but
Didn't even see that Tech missed the extra point!
Sitting forever at a drive-thru when you only want one thing
whenever i have to be somewhere and my parents are driving i'm ALWAYS late.
Heaven just gained an angel RIP Coach Hunt you will be missed. you've touched the lives of many people including myself.
My hair won't cooperate.
This time next wk I shall be seeing billybragg
Hot chocolate and homework. And I'm happy. :)
Finally on my way to my cousins 
Hope i make it
cyberpr I'm not one of your nominees?  I'm so sad.
There's nothing else to say.
Why do ugly girls think there
buggieboo17 Ohh yay! Don't kill yourself or anyone else!
Can't stand when people mention stuff they claim they don't really care about over and over again, annoying!
Still unsuccessful with my phone :(
Had a really good weekend over all ((: now homework time. happy.
Why in the blue hell would you wear a necklace with bells on it?
I hate whn my covers slip off my feet
Something perfect about waking up to joshuaradin Brand New Day.
people that think showering at 12am is cool and feel the need to share it with facebook..
Cant wait to bash on Thanksgiving
Hanging out with the boy and his family. :)
Getting in your bed when it's cold
Life can b a bitch, it can b fun or even crazy as hell,but thankful I've got great ppl in my life to help me along the way
Headed to Decatur, semi final game at 12:30!
Special people are flowers in the life garden
I'm the most impatient person ever I swear, I can't sit still for more than 2 minutes
Next year I'll be facing PMR
Ok now I'm starting to see those pics on fb.
I like how the only people that come into work are only trying to find the snack bar.
mmaritournelle te faire jouir à distance! C'est mon orgasme à moi!
Today I sorted out getting some much needed work done to my violin to make it play better!
Stfu I don't care about you problems
Found the perfect sweater for ugly sweater day at school, happy.
I have a night in with no plans tonight
HE FINALLY LEFT GOD LOVES ME
Someone please explain to me why Brian Kelly doesn't stick with 1 god damn quaterback? Jesus..
What could be better than falling asleep thinkin 2 urself; what a productive day
handing in a paper and finallly going christmas shopping!
Cant say no to the wolfpack
Dad completed 40 years of his service today! What a big day! He's been with bank of baroda since last 40 years.
I hate reading DearGabriellle depressed tweets, they make me feel like a really bad boyfrienf
Rice krispies in baileys
thingsthatmakememad ; when people use other people to get what they want.
Phone off for the night!
criminal minds is seriously the greatest. Shemar Moore, marry me?
Fear Factor isn't nearly as intense as it seemed when I was younger
Indoor season can start anytime now. 
CLEOgotyaCUMIN Instantly jus got Annoyed lol
For Dravid fans,its just a routine
SophyRidgeSky Do you think rest of world look at them in utter shock and amazement. Overgrown schoolboys. embarrassing.
6th form is a thousand times better than lower school like
How often do we complain??
Finally feels like Christmas at my house
classy_courtt I reallly wish you had texting....so you could text me back
1 dia pro meu aniversário!
2wO more days until auditions..geesh! nervous lol
Some people embrace you because they don't know certain things about you, but God knows EVERYTHING about you and STILL He wants you.
I miss books I didn't hate reading. I miss the library. I miss being wrapped up in worlds better than my own.
Be a wonderful you today then you've ever been.
City of Kings is where my soul,heart,mind is at.in midrand therz jus umzimba.
On my way home...the legion tryouts
Kellilongg then after tht night we never spoke again
OyaNesraImhotep I MISS YOUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!! How are YOU?
So excited for my dear friend, jaciwoodskirkham -- today she and Wade will welcome their son, Grayson, into the world.
This Fuck a hater Friday besides they never liked their own mommy...
I cannot wait for the new My Ticket Home album!
“TheDexterDavis: Dammit Buffalo....” could almost hear the sound of Rex's heart stop twice with those dropped balls to the end zone.
Nai_Esahc I'm not at my parents! I'm nannying farrrr away for the weekend!
finally found my ipod after looking for it for two months. yayyy happy (:
MollsBalls_22 hahaha Oliver can explode!
Is it too much to ask someone NOT to do your laundry??
Oh my gosh, Mark S. Allen is two rows behind me and Mitch at the Woodcreek play!
_MTMG man at least hours only froze! I have to wipe mine clean so be thankful lol
Starting to pack for the trip home
someone come over and drink wine with me....
Just left Welkom; on the Intercape Sleepliner bus, so was def worth the wait!!
Christmas movie with joshie <3 and brandonbrownell
Majority of females can't intrigue a man with conversation y'all gotta be half naked just to get some attention
God , at the moment I don't care about the revolution or the elections , my only wish for 2012 is to get that swim suit.
thatawkwardmomentwhen your mom asks a random lady in AE if she can take a pic of her haircut so she can copy it...
First time cutting chicken since the accident
I wanna play already
I'm so sick of smelling smoke
I'm SO OVER school. Just one more week... I can do this.. Jesus help me
WHY CAN'T I FALL ASLEEP?
Just said hole instead of whole EMBARRASSING !!!
Clemson has officially lost their mojo.
Makes me feel better when I think I actually got the sick in the toilet:)
luke_sutts Sorry to hear about your retirement. Heard/Read the reasons for it this morning. I was interviewed on BBCDerby too
Kaluuya You were amazing in Black Mirror, such a moving performance! Had me on the edge of my seat at the end.
I hate going to willoughby..whenever I go there something of mine I always stolen..
My eyes are dry..
People who take multiple pictures of themselves doing the same thing are annoying.
That moment when you try to eat chicken, but you bite down on something hard & it ruins the rest for you.
I love being home and all but I'm ready to leave only 12 more hours
Dude didnt have enough money 2 pay 4 his stuff at dollar general
RealOBee I agree with you and I feel the same way...
omg. your alarm has gone off 9 times now. I understand we all hit snooze but this is getting ridiculous- turn it off or get up.
Very good win today. Think we deserve it!
Today I am thankful for my education. Don't know what I would do without it
I did a really good job of passing out after lunch... lol!  I think I ate too much today!  :P  full  thankful  trulyblessed!  :)
just wanna let you know..that I really love you..GIG always.
Aww forever 21 didn't have any good deals
Some random gooner just started talking to me @ the bar calling me beautiful, awkwurrrd! runaway embarrassed :(
just realised i have college for 10 mins tomorrow!
Good People Good Lovin Good Music in my life it makes me
The interview went good! But I won't find out anything for another 2 weeks and I'm competing with 10 other individuals.
Even though I hurt I smile
Just been given VIP tickets for the England v Spain game tomorrow. Can't wait to tell my son.
I am incredibly excited for Remnant tonight @ 7:27! AdamJoelSmith has such great biblical insight packed with hilarious humor.
Im convinced guys have lost all standards they have had smh
about to buy a new Christmas cd!!
Audilicous so your just now following me?
fox, why are you making me watch the bears-seahawks game instead of the Packers and Chiefs?
I Just sneezed on my own forehead I don't know how I did it
Been a good day
Im in an AMAZING mood lol ^_^ that was totally what i needed ;) lol aaah
JonahMowryReal I wanted to say that your video touched me. And that I hope you stay strong in the coming days, months and years.
laceyann2008 ourgrowgarden I bought a big premade salad at the store last night, got home - realized it doesn't have the dressing :(
So READY to get this week over with....!! 2more weeks til my birthday...!!
Find one that lets  you let it go inside. Not outside
quotez_i lol no tj nothin lik dat.. its jus dat few ppl r vry irritating n my mood goes off.. n will have no mood to tweet :(
:)RT ash_michelle319 Got my acceptance letter from EKU, along with a letter saying I got their Regents Scholarship Award.
Black_Jeanius like 5 mins after I heard everybody on twitter talkin bout it the links were gone...
Me prepararé un tazón de leche con cereál  
Can't... Watch... His legs! His feet!
Srsly so happy with my life and all the people in it. Couldn't of asked for a better senior year so far  
These bathrooms at this school never cease to amaze me...
_TheLastDon_ Tru, but you know the EAGLES always find a way to fuck up a wetdream , so i wouldn't be
I knew mfs was all tlk im finna go to sleep smh
SUCH GRATITUDE for DavidJohnCraig for STEPPING PASSED his FEARS & SHARING that special song with everyone. U R A LIGHT! A GIFT!
Black_Freddie bangorrfc officialauntiep trumped by the skeeb........
I may not always live in Indy, but it will always be my hometown. Feeling lotsa local love for BgKahuna and CS_indy.
Look Pregnant, But you not Pregnant..
Such a large number of NSSLHA members follow Lord Voldemort that it always comes up as someone to follow...
will watch Mission Impossible later in IMAX yessss.
Why are doctors so late all the time
threedaysgrace-->lost in you nowplaying love <3
i will forever love jim and pam
justinbieber i know you won't see this but I love you. You did GREAT at the today show!
I see my Mom Dad and little sister in 3 days!!!!
M_aditya_rc yup! its posted! thanks for reading!
Standing on a piece of lego in ur bare feet
Alotta shyt finna come out da Marching 100 at FAMU.....
Nothing hurts more than disappointing yourself. Live up & beyond your expectations. If you settle for less, don't expect more.
Oh my goodness stop! My God
so awkward trying to eat something without it falling down my numb chin..
pool + drinks + great friends = happiness :) carlacrisafulli
My mom looks like a slut... im so embarrassing.
ENGLAND!? Y U NO SNOW!!?
Hate when people say ' what' on text you can obvs read what I've said
Cant wait to see breaking dawn tomorrow excited :D
MRI in the morning
95% of Wes Welkers routes are 5 yd outs.. And for some reason nobody can stop that little nugget!
Huzzah! Mouse conudrum solved
watchinq michael jackson's this is it <3
Free coffee+fun cheer practice=Good start to the day!
I can't stand cleaning fat from meat prior to it being cooked..
Can we just get this Friday crap over with already
kellycalderrr i almost fell the first time you did it
HAPPY DECEMBER 1st!everyones gonna be extra jolly and cheery this month.... I've been like that this whole semester :) happy aralcantara
Too good to be true yaz3am Yousefbo50
Can't believe I'm still up. About to have a rude awakening in a few hours..when that alarm goes off. excited 4 VSFashionShow! 2days!!
18 days until my birthday excited !!!
AdamPReaney They are cropping up everywhere premature and
sad now, listening to bee gees - i started a joke,
Hate being blanked ide rather be told to fuck off! annoyed-.-
justinbieber I wish so bad that you could know just how much you mean to me... To all your beliebers SAD .
declineandfall My Daughter saw it and said it was the second worse file she ever saw.
Next year I think ke$ha should jump out of santa's bag of toys in the macy's parade. surprise!
Uuugh!!! Turn overs are happening too soon in this game!!!
not ready for this exam but o well
SO fun meeting my fav blogger tonight byEmily westelm  She is beautiful!
I love  to  with my mommy.
Urgh when people older than me can't spell
step 1.... use your brain... step 2... speak... dont reverse the steps
BIG S/O TY 2 new followers! Rolf_Hedman susanmathison _ave49 DrAlexConcorde HomeQuestCanada pink80sgirl photoquotes Ripp_cord
What the hellllll. .
mt. dew slurpee & shwayze ..
Sometimes you fall in love with the most unexpected person at the most unexpected time.
Doing some community work with the Babyfold today!
Good Night Twitter ! Remember: Say your prayers God hears EACH & EVERY ONE !
shouldn't get my hopes up
Congrats OU!!! MAC champs
THE OC TIME <3
My brother is going to college....
ladygaga I'm gonna marry the night!
HarleyHaag3 we never see eachother anymore :(
Can I keep this feeling forever?
Wow passed up the 800th Tweet...........wasted on moenthelawn30 christmas card pic :(
Your a HUGE chunk of my life...your like my sister...you cant just leave me here...all alone.
And this is when I take my right hand.. turn it into a fist.. and beat the life out of these skanks. girlsareallsluts. annoyed.
Everyday is a gift and very fragile.Once a day passes,it's gone forever. Be happy, celebrate each new day and thank God..
getting swoll at the gym with my main bitch  aubriannabutler ....moshow34 get your lazy ass out of bed
I think I'm old enough to make my own decisions on when I should wake up from my nap
Going to the dentist today
<---- is almost done with her first semester of college ! :)
BSNL internet users should be given exclusive access to IRCTC and other Govt websites. outrage!
Baby I'll need you, and you'll need me, so just jump with me, and I'll be your bestfriend forever!
dear iPod...just because your creator died doesn't mean you can too.
work was good tonight
Today is Friday! After school, off to my room to  work on my  NEW cover :)
I really don't like you anymore..lol.
It would suck if you ended up a moth when you have the full potential to be a butterfly.
First day off in over a month
Lol but big S/O 2my sis JiGGA_REAL_JUCi 4hooking a nigga up lastnite she brought me sumthing 2eat and put gas n the car love..
Wishes my girlfriend, Tess, had a twitter.
Where's Chester when I need to get rid of my last bite of toast?
frannersx oh fran your letting me down now, you had so much potential and  I had so much hope!
This truck actually flys
Kindle Fire's international shipping still not available...
Loves how Arkansas fans are so bothered by the rankings. So desperate for recognition.
Wow how much I love being home! I want to stay -_-
Thinks are looking crazy but despite how anything looks God is a provider and he will provide. Such a beauty how God is so faithful.
All these commercials about MW3!
Ready to see this Cotto Margarito rematch
Good Morning All.
Lol the girls are 9-2 and the school they playing are 2-9. Sad.
fuuuuuuuck now i have to wait for the 15th of december???? Nooooooooooooo!!! But why??? sad :(
ahh i have an indention on my ankle and not on the other one...
Maybe I will find the one if I just sit here long enough.
My new John Williams Pandora station is changing my life. Just 100% epic.
And Santa's Gingerbread Village too! Think we'll do that tomorrow
nicolelswift theheraldsun I have named - sunday herald sun escape.com.au won't honour a deal - because it was a misprint!!!!
ioio10 ...poi...se hai tempo e voglia...ho copiato le drabble...se non le leggi è meglio XD,ma intanto l'ho detto...u.u'
I will find a TON of Kdrama dvds in Bacolod, just wait and see.
hbrooks15 I wish you were here too
hating on people that do not reply
gifts? I like more giving it than receiving. About to give the second batch of the day.
OMG NO! I messed up my painted! FRUSTRATED >.<
I was trying to sleep in today, but no, the stupid tree people have to come and cut down tree's at 9:00 in the morning!
Just landed so now back to basics.
Why can I hear my dog snoring from all the way downstairs?
MY DAD GETS ON MI FUCKIN NERVES!
Stevie_walters I should shoot you for taking a picture with ColtonLHaynes  Not cool! 
not gonna lie this break sucked ass
ii gt all ii wanted for mii bday n chriistmas ii dnt need nun else....
Wating for my boyfriend and thinking that i should get a life:-D
Its a sad day when your dynasty is ruined cuz your partner is a fag CGrimm614
I could watch Harry Potter all day
Kayleigh12Dec what is it about ? And what did Dec joke about in his second tweet ? Soz just catching up :P excited ;)
In the procees of righting my wrongs, besides being saved this is probally one of the hardest things i have ever had to do
Lunenberg  awaits our prescence and leicester awaits a fuckin ass kicking
Dah wish birthday along,baru masuk tidur. I'm the first person who wished him just know
Didn't think I would be in a coffee shop having a conversation about politics at the age of 19. growingup? proud :)
Sat in bath with a bottle of bud !
Who loves Saturday morning practices??? I do!!
So far my grades sayin ::A::AYYYEE!!! *Investing the same energy into this music*
I just can not believe how much ot I got this week
Dickolad correct although I. Would t know as you. NEVER come see me!!! neglect!
Oi mum its christmas, how about you get out of my face?
scared for everyone and hoping everything will be okay.
It's so amusing that life can turn around from being terrible to being great in no time.
Just wrote a 3 page paper on a photo of myself and Little John and how much I miss him. God I am ready for him to come back home
yeah weer naar lange tijd op twitter
In about 5 min I well see my amazing friend from south africa!:) excited!
i cannot believe Boity was at the same concert ya wayne,good thing i didnt c her. was gonna have 1 of those emotional fan moments...
I love hearing his voice right before I fall asleep. <3
ughh its still to hot in this house -__-
3 days til my birthday(: Omg, i'm going to be a teenager.
I hate when my blinker isn't in sync with the person in front of me!
Super addicted. Great mood :D :D
I'm sooooo close to throwing this phone right at my wall! Slowest fucking internet n the world!
Christmas is in 4 days!
Are the birds in
When people dont shower.
Cant wait for Christmas!
GregJKrieg Is now about the time you shift focus from Jets to Rangers?  I think it is for me.
BonIver is trending!
So excited for P4A this year, just filmed and so ready to upload Saturday!
Sheehan84 tomasoneill1 garylad27 seanyfranc hammy1507 realshaundeehan never panic had it all under control hahahahaha
Chatting with ChandlerMack on Voxer. It's Soooo much funnn!
I hate how everyone tweets about the game.......
About to walk out my house with no make up or fake tan on.
Haven't been to the movies in forever
Unlimited popsickles and some badass syrup
I'll be reading classics this break.
“AGiulianoo Just bc I'm laughing and smiling on the outside doesnt mean I'm not hurt and crying inside hurt youmeantheworldtome”
What are Apple doing? My Mac runs like a piece o' shit with iTunes open… bloated software. I just want to listen to some music.. mofo
Yay! My grandparents finally have a computer (:
My dad need to shut the fuck up
As much as I love little kids they can get really annoying at times.
GOOD NEWS IS: IM DONE WITH ENGLISH CLASSES FOR LIFE!!!
My A ppl need to come visit me in the Chi
Arghh, didn't play as well today
CyrusJS Cyrus!! I thought I trained you better than that.
I'm So Ready For Christmas . ! To See Wat I Got . ! I'm So
monwedell is the biggest bitch i know
My <3 brought me some food to my job. S/O to you! =)....
shelleykinz make it so I can re-tweet your tweets.. they're locked...
Want my Ibiza body back NOW!
Health test was easy. Hope I did good.
Left over pulled pork sliders from Buffalo Wild Wings and Guinness . Hells yeah.
this is how we should be!...back to how we used to be
Miitanuk Yes, I do wish cute Navi would be there. :c
LOL she deleted her twitter account happy (;
ColeyPolieOley my reward drink tomorrow will be my final point!!!
just discovered I'm not the kinda girl that can wear jeggings as pants.
yesssssssss we found a place in paris. We staying at an apartment we renting. 17th to 20th! excited!
So, I just realized that I never made a wish yesterday... -__-
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!! I just want to scream.
If I ever come across the man who invented WebAssign or WebWork I will beat the crap out of them!
Ya es Domingo y Falta 3 dias
DowlingNicholas *shit and sure I'll be cheering the lads on all the way at euro2012 gonna arrange electricginger hens there
Oh thank God! The submission date has extended till Wednesday!!! soblessed thankful peaceinmyheart :)))
I need my baby PrinceSirNash
Bonfire? I guess. Just because I'm depressed that sdsu lost the bowl game...
TakeAGanderson is the best of the best, she's delivering me a Bubble Cake cupcakes from Virginia
How does this battery on the laptop run down so quick!!
Jesus is my fave <3
New blink 182 video soon
Christmas. Then new years in vegas. Then the SLC in january. So many things to look forward too ((:
justinbieber i've turned 7 of my friends into beliebers <3 proud 3
My grandfather was stuck on the beach at Dunkirk 4 3days before being rescued.My other grandfather was awarded BEM relating to Norway.
was trying to go the whole day (or at least half the day) without coffee ... I officially give up.
Dat btch was gonna get banned for being that ugly
Konečně mám newTwitter!
When people have really long twitter conversations.
Fellow medsyd residents: look on the ledge around your room. its FULL of dust;
Taking my permit test after school! nervous!!
SERIOUSLY? Thirsty ass dick. I want to find a guy who RESPECTS women and doesn't think of them as an object. disappointed -___-
Lime green Victoria secret sweat suit
I mean really...Y The fuk can't i sleep
Had the best night (:
TheRealCBFresh TheRealMPearson brendancalnan TheRealDjBj I'm going to kill one of you guys
That girl suckapistol101 is a bad bi$&h beauty and Brains! What that's a baddd azz combo!
My sister is singing promise in the shower. Annoyed .
Standing in the centre of Bristol ready to watch the Remembrance Day parade.
ThingsPeopleShouldntDo tell somebody they Love them. then go sleep with that persons best friend the next night. disgusting. stopThis!
carriend96 dear God... R u serious?  Umm.. Yes.  That could be it.  No concussion?
Just 1more day till' that 4day weekend!
erinharper1993 it makes me sick
Why do people tweet and status update on nights out! Enrages me.
KimKardashian6 KimKardashian this isnt even kim.u fake ass who has nothin better 2 do:/
The feeling when you want that one person to see your post an he doesnt! <<<<<
Cheese N onion crisps and Chesney Hawkes on repeat
When the same person hits you up day after day and they have a full converstion with themselves cause you don't answer
Having a sneeze attack and then coming to find that coworkers finished a new tissue box
sparks flying everywhere, too much chemistry..wher hav i been?? Im so
Babe had lunch ready for me right when I got off work, that's Love ..
summyrtyme I miss you! :( I tried calling u today but it went straight to voicemail.
Being a feminist doesn't mean being a man-hater. It means representing equality & appreciating the quality men and women in your life.
wow i have to give a speech about Brazil tomorrow.
At dinner with my two favourite people: fantastict and my bubba Solly :)
What could cure a bad day at pastry school? More baking! Apricot Rosemary Shortbread
Can't wait to get my iphone tomorrow
Goodmorning Everyone! Christmas is just around the corner.
Lovely run in winter sun until I tripped & very nearly fell flat on my face!!
antanddec what do you think our chances are against MUFC tomorrow?
Man I have the hiccups
Ohh :) going to look at a hall after work!
LAST DAY for FREE personalized Thanksgiving EROTICA you can e-mail instantly! Hoocymail.com
Throat hurting so my mom got me drinking theraflu...
play_my_CHELO all the cute ones are douchebags
never coming to the mall with my mom and sister again
Everything clean and put up in my room, all I have to do is organize this stack of books and vacuum.
Knt even go in da store witout old asz men staring et me!
Ev_Dotty Don't even know how she is a hairdresser with her boobs, always getting in the way :/
Tonight we'll get it right baby I'm dying for the one thing I'm missing so what's it gonna be make a decision stop asking questions...
Coffee why am I so obsessed???
...I can't wait to marry my best friend
I'm gonna treat myself and others next week to a trip to westfields for the first time :) xmelissakate, shop shop shop !
got a mention, thought it was mcflyharry and it wasn't.
Last Carmel apple sucker. :(
urgh, when a john lennon song comes on the radio
Listening to lights siberia on the bus.
I want you to look at my tweet and I don't think u did ! It's about you
Silent disco at the weekend... Excited!!!
Day off from work. Spend all day with my little guy.!
Netball time then followed straight after with work :(
Might as well stay up an extra 20 mins and wait for payday :)
I hate when my mom over reacts about the littlest things -__-
PoSpeaks blizzy11 lol I don't!
Nothing like coming home and finding the cats have emptied the kitchen bin all over the floor
hahah your pathetic, grow up and stop lying.
lol.  Texting yourself to make sure you're able to get text msgs because you haven't gotten any today.  depressing WHATSEVERYONEDOING !!!
New jacc huh nd I don't got the math
You're white, stop texting like that.
New_Kid_Nick right, I fucking hate that feeling
damn , go 5 minutes without saying ur boyfriends name.
so completely and totally happy :)
cliffe1 bigbrother final well done loiuse did manchester and the whole of middleton proud !
Why is that when I want to go to bed I'm always wide awake when I get up the stairs!
How could you live in all that shite,
People that post their entire life on facebook. Annoying.
I have a headache
Josh_Campbell23 love you too. Your the only campbell that doesn't hate me right now
But I'm so proud of my nursery :) I wamt everyone to come over and see it!!
BTW Wendy's Burgers Are DISGUSTING !
I dont get people!!!!!!
I get the cutest good morning text ever.
I SHAKE MY BACKSIDE BUT NOTHING'S JIGGLING!
Mr_Hxxligan LMAOOOOO even he saved up for it. Lol peoeple be savin like two pay checks so they can get hella stuff Sad lol
Making all 100 's today.. damn surprised :)
ive missed all of last weeks eastenders, so i cant even watch it
fuck having to wake up at 8
he wished me good luck(:
Booked off all the days I needed to at work. December's gonna be a good month.
Please don't be scared of me. About to see how life with money will go. I already know how life without goes
finally home, bout to unpack then repack. Louisiana in the morning!
Going to make a new clip today
Thanks I really needed this after the week I have had.
Chillen with fanny on her last day till she leaves
nascarcasm I agree......going to wear a spot out in the floor.....
Jus remembered I didn't put my 'out of office' on!!
bored!  mom said > go to sleep lh!
why does Tulisa have 'vote little mix' tattooed on her arm
Hate my hair so much
2011toughtme that people would prefer to hurt than to be hurt. But we must continue to love. We need to fix the broken hearts.
i could eat cereal for the rest of my life and be
Lmao niggas be so purped out.
“treygutierrez20: Always retweeting me but won't follow me?” in saying!!!!!
Master blaster edged and gone for 94..... Its the nervous 90's again ! I packed my t.v. Set to skip news chanls hungama.
I swear fat ppl blows my life!!!
WesWelker's on Twitter! Christmas arrived early this year!
I'm just loving life right now... so thankful :)
Can't wait for Christmas to see my baby girl open her presents. We don't have much $ this year,so it makes it seem more special.
THE comments are annoying McCandrenLewis kayleahopfer15 Bziegelgruber Beaudavis22 annoyed takenotesfromTHE LucasDavis22 KaiCallins
brianabals taylor swift is gay and
MJs_ITCgirl thank you
charliephiz yayy will do..I'll have a look into it  in the week and let you know asap
Well Thanksgiving plans have changed so instead of a turkey, I'll be buying two Cornish hens. Small, intimate, but still awesome.
Oh Bob why must you remind me that I probably won't receive any or very little Social Security
Love the feeling of coming home and seeing Christmas decorations that I made in primary still hanging on the wall purehappiness :)
Ugh.. Longest two hours of my life..
honestly my bday wishlist this year consists of: collar bones, hip bones, ribs, spine thigh gap & cheekbones. i will be
Midwest_AD deryNBA TerryFoster971 Brandon roy set to retire due to knee issues.
Jasmine_Minhas Dear lord I hope not, Theyll think I'm a Seal or something , lmao, And I know . Need to ditch this place somedays
Star Jay the Penguin!!!!
LaMariNigo9 MeGustaLaMari porque me ama vía twitter *.*
BE HAPPY AND MAKE OTHER HAPPY:)
i taught myself so much though, made me a better and strong person.
I loove havin strong women surround me in my life...makes me
My ears popped that entire flight
@ work and already P#*±ed Off with the Fact that Privacy Doesn't me anything - Passwords obviously don't mean anything these days
I really miss the old days whennn shit didnt matter and u would have nap time in kinder and just color and u ha friends
Cant sleep for nothin this is getting annoying.
Eish I just get discouraged to approach a girl if she doesn't own a BlackBerry or Smartphone
therealgokwan was expecting something more elaborate from you!
yeahh so im thinking the sand man skipped me i feel real
Trying out the new TweetDeck. I'm impressed; it finally looks like I wanted it to from the beginning.
Two more days to go till i spend the weekend with my bestest sis lisastammers
Stuck at work, cant watch GSL sad :-(
TeamGiJoe, we going all out 2moro CcthaboyGI shegz_BMG DM_BMG TeamBMG TeamThaBoyGi Its Gonna Be An After Shock Moment
Food 4 Thought: To get a womansheart, a man must first use his own. -- Mike Dobbertin
ryankaboly I didn't that too.
I love getting new things, makes me
Today's account bet traded at 1/5 in running before not even placing.
I cant believe i missed the devil wears prada
Always a competition!
What am I doing....
I hate how my dad thinks my car, is now his car. annoyed.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart.
Mad as shit I can't sleep or.get.comfortable with this belly
Fighting with Rocky. I love arguing with people who have no idea how to.
oomf been on his tweets
one year ago one direction came third, look at where they're now!
tmcd1989 wa a bitch! Coldplay soon, they never let ya down!
Gearing up for our launch on Saturday.
IT'S BEGINNING TO LOOK A LOT LIKE CHRISTMAS!!
days , well weeks like this is when i smoke like hell
are you fucking kidding me if the girl is cracked out have some common sense & walk the away not fucking beat a pregnant lady
“JessicaRabbit_x: Infecta Whooop :D I'm anxious as to what it is *covers face* cz I knw how you are! CRAZYLOVE” | LOVE X
got three hours off my volunteer hours! ayay!
My auntie made my fav dish JUST FOR ME tomorrow!!!! Lol :D
In 5 days the Princess will be 1...yay!!
when mum said early morning, i was thinking more like nine.
janelleyepez yesss sounds like a plan to me!
I Have So Much 2 Be Thankful For & I Can't Thank Him Enough For My Many Blessings.
omg.. Only 1 more day left 'till the actual day.
cant get dat outta my head
Why is football on tonight?
The vodka is out!!
I love that God's helping me gradually. He's giving me a few seconds to throw my hissy fit, then reminds me it's going to be okay.
hate the new youtube layout.
Good start to my day! Happy (:
Wow! It's nice to work with a smile on my face!!! Two weeks and I start my new job!!
Don't insist on Watching a movie and fall asleep
My school's going to do 'Spring Awakening.' uh oh.
“Ashley_DoItDoIt: Oomf has no swag what so ever. It's kinda sad cus he cute af.” THATS HOW IT BE
why does my mom keep taking down my tapestries.. >:l
Just want to get this final over with...
I love teddy bears so much
He did a good job
GoodGuy_Chuckz It's CRAZY. I remember awhile ago, you ustreamed & showed your little brother. Sooo cute, then I look at you.
ribs, you never fail my gut
Gonna purchase some garments
Drake while cashing up tills!
UGH!!!! PHARMACY!!! IHATEYOU!!!! Seriously considering quitting. I can't work for a place that doesn't have their shit together.
I'm way past done w/ all your drama. Stop being such a bitch to me for no reason & then say it's me whose the bitch.
Panchos with gina_marie5 pitcher of margaritas. Enough said.
Wardrobe malfunction at church tonight.
The best time to say that you already found the right one is when you stop looking for more.
The good luck charlie christmas special actually looks amazing hahaha
Gettin ready for all this flying damn!!! excited!!!
kittybrucknell have you started writing for your debut album yet? or is it too song :) i'm too
How do people eat Atchar? This shit smells like kak and it tastes like kak too.
Almost time for the test. Wish me luck.
My dad got my mom reindeer antlers for her car.
Some people are so stupid they don't know the meaning of common sense
god im not ready to deliver this baby tomorrow. but i will nervous rmbrx hoffweezy2 jelkamatic
Towie Christmas special in an hour and half!
Wooke up to babysit..
Oh Twitter es terrible !! Los TT de hoy es de lo que he estado hablando en todo el dia
Wish my boyfriend or my sister was awake..
11% & it's 4:00 in the morning that's
thinkprogress 26 reporters have been arrested at Occupy Wall Street. Sounds like something you'd hear coming out of a foreign country.
Almost crying at the thought that I probably will never meet gaga
At Zen and Tjdevilla asks for a fork
My heart is in a million pieces.....
Big Girls need love 2...
Tonight I may finish the rest of my wrapping! Kate's pressie to finish tomorrow and then I'm DONE!
Freudenschade mystery solved! Twitter sees all
Can't wait to see MichaelStag with ToriBatta chelseyjoelle & many more twitterless family!! : )
Tomorrow is finally Friday! I hate that when I say Friday, that stupid song starts to play in my head!!annoying!
“MiHeart_Speaks: Everyday I fight back the urge to text you or talk to you telling myself that if you wanted to talk to me you would..
Field hockey tournament to see who qualifies for nationals
If your boyfriend is THAT bad then just dump him already and quit bitchin.
Hate attention seeking people
Now sucking ur own dick on national tv is very disgusting nd beyond distasteful.
missed my 800th tweet..
My phone died? At a time like this? :/
Anyways thanking the man upstairs for another day
youre such a baby stop crying about everything...
I feel sad when it says justinbieber does not follow mrsbieber4lyf depressing :( 88
I'm thinking a best dressed award for people in matching outfits ASOS_Luka. Who wore it best?
I'm REALLY glad her voice doesn't sound like that for rest of the movies
Last week of pineapple in kivo
feeling that in times of great sadness, comes overwhelming love
Tired of all this.
I hate hearing about Duke.
FSOhioZJackson The basketball play-by-play announcers suck too!!! They said Pa-go instead of pogue and in-day instead of ndaye
I really wish my car was fixed
They've been charging me for a 'TV package', £6pm. I've never watched TV by phone. It's OK though, they've refunded 3 MONTHS of it.
she is the most beautiful woman i have ever known that doesnt share my DNA.
i f*ckin love having a laptop to myself that functions good!!
Corey n lindsey r comn over w/ the best little baby n the world tatum!
She mad cuz she lost her own shit! Aw ok. irritated.
why do i feel so
College football has become boxing. Fuck this rematch so hard.
Today's a great dayy
Ahh nothing like a good ol hot tub
lol I can see now why people hate casts so much
My friends all went home :(
Why? It's 8 at night and you're on a small train car. Your cell phone doesn't need to ring every time you get a text.
My baby most definitely just threw-up in my mouth!! Lmao
I can't believe a week from today I'm gonna be 18
The english exam went really well.
Too lazy to even put the laundry on my bed away..
and with that...i'm outtie. Night BeyHive!!! :)
No one has greater love than someone who lays down his life for his friends - John 15:13
I feel like the blood running through my veins should be crystal clear with vodka right now
You know where you think you're funny and all that? Yeah I don't think you are at all...
I love spending time with her!
Woke up this morning to dolphins swimming outside my window
The_Lite1 yes now I need tu talk to my brother feels so
The raiders had it & couldn't close it
omarfk Spent all morning trying to figure it out...
Glad to b off THOU!!7
breakingdawnpart1 - movie to watch out in about 4 days from now,weEee:)
finished learning this song finally <3
going to sleep in my nice big bed
OKAY, I'M UP. Not doing anything today anyway so why the hell can't I sleep in? irritated.
its hard saying No to the one you
Really pisses me off when people talk about relationships when they don't know what it feels like to be in that position...
I kept doing my monologue and I already know it by heart......but what's the point now?
just fucking chill mean!
I can't wait for Saturday!
latest ive ever slept in :)
Everybody want u to do for them but can NEVER do for u
Famabear its that time of the year again.
Court_Nicole22 yes I know! Haha I feel
oooh and you bout to be madder cause the squad is back
A in sociology mockkkkk! Feel like Einstein!
Your so immature, grow up already.
Lojack18 HowieDoIt69 a little sad guys.. its our last day together..
hate the wink face on twitter dont even look like a wink
Spongebob is too fucking funny .. Dying on the couch alone
oomf can't even handle a 3 year old
Tasha_Mclain OMG! You finally got one!
Dead deer and dead baby deer sad :(
Im had a sleepover  wit mi best cuzo it was tha blast!!!lol
When you have a bestfriend its harder to prevent getting hurt by them..
winter advisory, as im watching the grinch, by the fire.  happy!
DrewBorkowski is going to get my tatt!!
I thank God for all my blessings from the biggest to the smallest. He always makes away
Have a heart to
Missing my doll face he's the sweetest!
The love of Christ is deeper than the mind & heart can conceive Creation, rejection, Incarnation, rejection, crucifixion, resurrection
that depressing moment when u see justinbieber retweeting, you see a lot of tweets except yours  sad 72
Being a teacher is no joke. Not only do you teach the subject area, u have to teach manners bc these parents are NOT doing their job.
The night of the year when your dad dresses as Santa and goes round town on a Sleigh! Dnt say my name on the tannoy this year!
Just cuz ur with ur boys dnt mean u gotta act like a douche so fucking
I fucking hate this new girl.
last wednesday at KCC. starting next week small group with taypipe16
Going to see Katy Perry tonight!
Maryjblige I can't wait to see you in AC
omg mother is looking for my 18th birthday present and top visited site on my laptop is vivienne westwood!
Really? No one cares! I'm so embarrassed...
Season 2 of the Inbetweeners .....
I've never felt soo broke in my life.
Nothing like getting ur head cut up for thanksgiving
The Jaguars scored 41 points on TB's defense...... Whoever the DC is for TB needs to be fired.
You all walk arownd with your nose up in the air but can't smell the shit that comes out of your mouths
hot bod...wanna touch that bod....i want your bod
My daughter ask me y does Santa use r wrapping paper :o smh good think I think fast!!!
Where are my Costas? Where are my Costas? Where are my Costas?
Happy with the end of the semester. My grades are looking wonderful.
going to bed with a smile on my face :)
GiulianaRancic big fan of yours, following all your adventures on E! & completely love your positive attitude :) carpediem happiness !!!
Curling my hair to see how long it will stay in, in preparation for tomorrow
Ahhhhhh Christmas coca cola advert excited x
Why does my chest hurt?
LanceMcAlister Bengals just gave the game away. D set them up penalties and mental breakdown screwed the pooch.
LDELL_7 your statuses make me laugh it's like following a chick
ChrisNancyCarr releasing the beast tomorrow night!? I am
LiiPzSOoSOft LOL OH LWRD!! LET ME TURN TWITTER OFF CUZ U FINA BLOW MY PHONE UP LOL U READY FA DA PLAY!
Woman shut your kid up!
Why does everbody hate is_anyone_up ? Seriously, you not good girls/boys, not a shame.
IWXO can't wait for your EP...gonna buy it the day it comes out..
Dropped my BB on tiled floor, now I have a very irritating black line across screen. Started as a dot, now a long line
OMG Read All About It by emelisande  and Prof. Green just came on...
yesss!!! SierraNMcCormic follows me on instagram!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yay!!!!!!!!!!
Today is Friday and all I can think about right now is how excited I am to have a weekend with my boyfriend all to ourselves!  
Sim0nPhoenix BluDaHeavenz Can't stand that singing in the intro & the background.
When your sit through the adverts forgetting your watching something that's recorded annoying!
Ball so hard my ankle
Christmas isn't about the presents...it's about who you spend it with & who you remember...
S/o to the salesian football team. Go crazy!
if what he said is true, its the best day of my life.
Bacon sarnie, onsie and friends.
On the train to London with Flash_Morgan and Davehasn'tgottwitter
Okay, seriously. I am ignoring you. Meaning, don't talk to me because I don't want to talk to you!
I hate being in a small, highschool society where you're forced to associate and deal with people you wish could j disappear
Umm..why do I have a rash all over my body? Last time I checked, I wasn't allergic to anything.
“kev2_wavy: Spending the night with the bros Archias_LSU”
Shout out to all my actors that study this ish for real, I pray for y'all constantly reality tv making reg ppl into superstars! SAD!
Second tweet from my new iPhone
Assignment for tom's lecture ...Monday is my Big day! From 8 am um to 8 pm xD
Kickin' it in the backseat , listening too dubstep with the bestfriend. It's been a great day far!
TF ? does she think she knows that song ? nicolehendyy
alicearonsson Alice, you know I'm just joking with you <3 Although that spelling of yours worries me, it's spelled goodnight*
greatest fucking conversation with melaya karen vinn and alexa. honestly couldn't ask for better friends<3
therealjuicyj trippychiks?? I'm fascinated in what makes you one? Lol! What isit!??
Its the nicest day today
I HATE HIM YO , OMG IT MAKES NO SENSE HOW EVERYDAY ITS THE SAME STUFF !
Up to the Woo for a CAB reunion.
Where I'm from niggas don't make it to be where I'm at.
The moment where you think youve packed something, then when you get to the destination you findout that you havent!!
Keep your own children I'm not a babysitter or a mom
Don't complain when you do the same thing
bouta head to the surgeon
jna_13 haha i know dude..and i was like if you know what im saying wag your tail. And it didnt wag its tail.
Loving the people in my life
I hate waiting for something to come in the mail...I wish there was instantaneous shipping!!
This weekend was just what I needed
Nothing like a late bus to start your day.
“BHilzDivaMelisa: Pinz!” no invite?
Getting my new 12 gauge Monday
The disney channel is on a roll today! Aladdin.. Beauty and the beast and now Snow White.
you only successful on twitter !
Going black friday shopping, but im sure as hell not going to no damn sawgrass lol
Crying nd no ones hears... Feeling... Just
madzgonzales92 hahaha yeahhh !!! SUPER SMILE :D
You do realize communication is a two way street right.
Today's college games were a complete joke
Isles reppin the black jerseys tn
DoM1NaT1OnX9 Ms. Sweeney can talk alot can't she....
don't tweet if you can't spell
Christmas present this year - iPhone 4- so excited.
First day of work!
Some people will never learn. irritated.
He said yess<3 cant wait for that night((:
I love when one train finally passes, then you look and then there's another train
Already sick of today's round of dumbasses and I just got to work.
UKFLive Just bought tickets to see Nero on his SecondReality tour  Friday 16th March - Manchester Academy 1
Kohls opens at 10pm on, er I mean before, Black Fri. Come on.
Painting Mr. Krabs's walls with Patrick.  If we get paint on anything, Krabs will cut our butts off.
Blocked punt for a touchdown
Preparing stationery for Monday! Honestly, I'm quite
_tina_smith and I are sharing so much quality time in the Lib together
justinbieber You say Never Say Never! I feel it gives me false hope, as I think you'll never follow me DEPRESSED 7
It's gonna be a good night.
Working for the last few hours as a teenager
when I'm shopping and I'm rushed because the store is about to close <<<<<
lonedellHXC what happened to lugnut?
Ah at the childrens table for thanksgiving once again.. Disappointment.
Can't wait to get to NC!!! So excited :)
S/O TO FuckinFollowHer THANKS FOR THE LOVE~
It's defiantly not beginning to look a lot like Christmas....
Huntin with Keegan tonight,
cons240 oh no what are best friends fr
Food, shower, christmas shopping, Christmas party, and sleep today.
- Goodmorning Tworld =) *singing* 'everybody in love ...put your hands up' ...lol.
Me thinks I'm excited.
jksdhfkjasdh I wish I lived in the UK.
This may not be my real family but I feel at home
I know that you have someone new or trying deperately to get someone new. I didn't say that all your tweets are about me.
your a fuckin idiot! but what i just herd about you made my night!
One out of every 10 households in the Bay Area will turn to a food bank this holiday season for sustenance (sfgate)
Why is fringe so freaking good? Please never stop. Ever ever ever
This thanksgiving lets just remember that we are alive and healthy and have a house
MikeValenti971 CBS makes me watch Cin vs Stl instead of i dont know any other game GB vs KC, Chi vs Sea.
Huh?RT dharmelola: Ma room's temperature is worst dan dt of a bakery mtcheeeew
All I want for Christmas is a credit card so I can order Christmas presents
love getting told to stay in for famo night so everyone eats then fucks of too the pub
kirkatdall .. I wouldn't have been able to go if it was there.
Brandon Roy shouldnt retire cause his career was so short man
Felicidade REAL! Não há absolutamente nada melhor.
Picked out a few christmas presents today! I can't wait
the feeling of knowing i can relax because i dont have any homework to do
Morning World. First night in Our new place!
Damn kids these days are gonna go blind from starring at their phone every second of the day..can't say I don't do it either..
Everything is starting to be perfect
They're giving the Grinch later!
SrattyStyle All 3 of The Santa Clause movies.
hannahbullock3 what happens to peoples standards?
Amazing how trivial politics seems when you are watching waves with a chilled Savannah in your hands.
Nattyy_2015 on my way. This is going to be interesting
Maybe the falcons just aren't that good.....
IM DONE WITH PEOPLE SAYING THAT THEYRE CRYING BCS THEIR IDOL WONT ANSWER THEM. I needed to say this yes.
It's funny how the yanks pronounce 'Ducati' ! Sounds like 'Ducarti'
Anyone who thinks the Hangover pt2 was even remotely funny is an idiot
Lost my flipping usb
Godiva chocolate-covered strawberries =
Clint Dempsey is a bad blert. Anyone else seen his 'gangsta' rap efforts?
thank you Amazon for the 2 free downloads
These new jerseyshore commercials drive me insane!
ray3d82 ALL r nothing. SOME r cowards 2. ne1 who leaves a child in that situation & claims 'I stopped it' is as sick as perp.
I have yet to see a single Kim Jong Il joke on twitter that has even made me crack a smile
Cnt wait till that Marilyn Monroe movie comes out
Super excited for black Friday (:
llcoolj NOMORE People dying of all kinds of illnesses like Cancer, Aids etc. No hate to another human being and NO discrimination
yeah, lets sit and say really stereotypical things about immigration when you have an immigrant sitting in the class.
Nothing like an early morning BJ!
I am still watching the west wing. Season four. Inauguration speech.
Night never to be repeated...
One of my biggest pet peeves; people who chew with their mouths open.
Luving on this T-giving glass of wine. Red goes well with stuffing.
katiesmithxox you would delete me
got my MedSci interview tomorrow ... bricking it fair play! Anyone got any good interview tips? nervous helpme!
YaelW97 Ai ai ! maar nu wel GOEIEEE ! X
Hahahahahaha giants just got a touch down
comedy show at uncw tonight
I honestly don't think I could ask for a better boyfriend! Can't wait to see What he got me for christmas.<333
Catching up on Revenge
if the Clippers are playing like this after only 3 practices I can only imagine what it' gonna turn into smh
so tomorrow is thursday and i actually get to go out and not worry about my 8 am…
I hope my boobs dnt get big
Lot to do in this week! But all will be over by friday & the holiday shall begin
WTF no?! A je Kim Jong il ali II? Vsak piše po svoje.
thinkinginwords Sure you did. You said he did what he was suppose to. Is that not an opinion of yours? Rumors? After his admission
Assistindo agora investigação criminal ha Greg Sanders.
Omg the kid I baby sit has a bunny and she just died...
Eating at local bar, to my left: 3 dudes complaining about their wives' cooking. To my right: some dude literally inhaling food
I'm shaking soooo bad.
happy VETERANS day to my Daddy.....
Wish These Ppl Next Door Sit Down Irritating.!
breakup - Bitterness is the result of a past looked upon without empowerment but stuck within a victimized state of mind.
about to give blood
love that feeling when you've got everyones christmas presents sorted yhbuddy
So thrilled to have KaylaRadomski4 and AlliePetersen here! peacockarmy veterans!
Why do I go to Hacienda? Waitress is always a bitch
Ready to tell american airlines about them claat
Stress..it is getting close for my sons Beautillion Ball. excited...
I'm not letting it bother me -__-
Play tonight m!! Nervous!!! WishMeLuckk :))
finally reached the page where i was supposed to start
I hate when I wake up in the middle of the night with a missed call and a text message from someone saying call me asap anxiety!
My moms out later than me on a Friday
Darling, why spend anymore time on that horse's ass when Mr. Tie-Me-Up Tie-Me-Down is standing right over there?
I wouldn't be where I am if it weren't for my family!  I can't begin to describe how thankful I am!
i feel like my heart is about to explode...
It's nasty as hell when you see people hardcore sweating while making food...
briannathaler needs to hurry the fuck up
Couldn't figure out why I woke up so sore..then I remembered playing musical shapes with about 40 kindergarteners yesterday.
Yesterday turned out being a super bad day :(
Cannot even watch this game anymore.
justinbieber i find it but i didn't win :( --- :) but a lot of kids will be happy this christmas!! that makes me happy 82
People aren't doin anything with their lives
Can't remember the last time I had the christmas holiday period off work!
I just want to play some basketball... And I can't.
Only just leaving LewissJenkins's bed.. depressing ;(
some people need to learn to shut their mouths -__-
the moment my mom, sister, and katilyneliza end up bullying me
This game needs to end
MelwynCyriac you're welcome and for sure. Get in some singing competition or something. Your voice need to be heard
Friday please come a little sooner ........
My baker is making me a cake for my bday snd He wont let me give my input
ninagarcia oh nina you just made our day :)
I can't wait till Saturday! Gumbo, greens, mac&&cheese, fried chicken, fish, &&corn bread:) excited lol
She puts the stupidest things.
Just means that many days closer to my moving date
jasonderulo I wanna see you tomorrow at Bercy! but i don't have a ticket.. sad :(
Just spent two hours at a mechanic to be told they couldn't look at my van before closing up. What a waste of time
Guys, If you can make a girl laugh, you can make her do anything.  
FINALLY! My hair is back to its original length before I chopped it off 2 1/2yrs ago!
Mwagdysaad WIFbyEE ezzkharma MohamedYHussein MariamMohsen_ Can't wait for the delicious wings :)
Why is there always so much spanish stuff trending?
That's really embarrassing please stop
I appreciate dusbar64 nilla_hipps21 Lil_Bre24 but for some reason, this nwacc stuff is being a piece of shit and won't log in.
So mad my show not coming on tonight... LAW AND ORDER: SVU...
Wrestling with the hubs tonight, one more final tomorrow, then a nice vacation!
Driving a limo does not entitle you to drive like an asshole, especially in the rain.
Coming home to find all the christmas decorations up!! Yay I love christmas :D
Im being a smart cookie by taking advantage of the advantage that I have… most ppl dont have this opportunity!
Not a lot changed in our dorm room
iamcjaed I will! :) I thought you were gonna hit me up as soon as you woke up?
This is getting pretty ridiculous now. annoyed seriously¿
Payfirma's iPhone credit card app version 2.0 is about to be released and it is SO awesome! Can't wait!!!
Apple - it will be rather difficult for me to DL Lion if the Mac App store NEVER loads! I refuse to reformat my comp.
This is my 5000th tweet
Nothing makes me happier than watching my friends josieislost and LudovicoTechniq having a Curtis Steigers based tweeting session.
This girl has her knee wrapped. She must have tripped up the stairs or something because I know she doesn't do sports lol
My plan for this christmas: wake up, open gifts, get pissed, sleep, work, die, more sleep, get pissed! Sounds like a plan to me!
Listening to Christmas Pandora with carly_odonnell on our way home from da game
Sherlock Holmes with my best friends xD
That fan page better speak the truth
Less than 24 hours till I see the boy :)
Still at the hospital!
Tough By: Craig Morgan , will always be one of the deepest song I know . Always brings tears to my eyes !
Maybe I just expect to much
Why is it that some songs are better when you don't actually listen to the lyrics?
Waiting On My Cuzin thejuicy901 To Get In Town! I Missed Her...
Tip holla at you boy in the uk!
I hate thinking someone didn't respond to my text, just to find my text never sent in the first place -_-
Jack_McCulloch sorry mate asked ajhmurray  but no answer
only two days until we get to hear 'perfect' though! yay :)
These Heat are on fire !! Super intimidating preseason opener !! excited :)
!!!!!!!!!RT TommieTheBarber “Undeniably_Rare I get so sick of lame broke dudes thinking popping bottles is living smh sad”
Wow girls on twitter can be way too cocky.. NO ONE CARES.
Kiss is one of the most wonderful things in this world.
Gotta do some photoshoot for a magazine cover
MaryAnnTina don't tell me you got a BB.
Inbiji But it doesn't make sense! It's grammatically correct to do it at the beginning, not all the way through.
wouldn't mind a lover
Oh ja morgen huiswerkloos
Christmas is in 4 days. HardToBelieve excited (((:
Realized the past 3 Christmas' I've had my boo go to the store and pick out her own presents.. This year I went above and beyond!
tomorrow and friday will be good too, but saturday will be the absolute BEST ;)
My dog seriously needs to stop barking at the damn dancing Santa upstairs.
I'm averaging 1000 words/hr. How do people do this in 30 minutes?!
dallas tomorrow and first competiton...
If you want excitement, laughter, love...stick w me this week. I'm in one of those moods.
Christmas music at work!
JUST CUASE I TWEETED JUSTIN DOESN'T MEAN ANY OF YOU NEED TO MENTI ME TO TEACH ME HOW TO GET A FOLLOW FROM HIM.
cant wait to see my bro been awhile and he got a surprise if it is what i think it is tonight is about to be one crazy night! excited lol
The best part of the day is not only waking up...but waking up to you :))
Fuck yeah found a Houndstooth iPhone4s skin DecalGirl...
Can't wait for christmas! excited ;))
I swear nothing feels better than talking with him. (:
Don't you hate it when people text you right when you actually try to study
Turns out Bethany hates music
JRsBBQ, I think MichaelCole just needs to shut his hypocritical mouth. He's seriously annoying!
Just laying here on the couch with my- nope, the dog is gone now.
justinbieber 1 years for Pray, 2 years for OLLG and the 1st day of ALL I WANT FOR CHRISTMAS IS YOU. proud. weloveyou 5
chelseydc Yay! SO glad to hear it and so excited for you! :D
I just want to see my boyfriend! Blahh
Guess Dats Wat Im Finna Do Cant Hold it in NoMo
Currently experiencing karma. joy -__-
ACDC_mofinkle who is being a hater? O ya but that's my job you know I ain't got nothing but
Seton Hall basketball everybody!
I would get an allergic reaction to face paint...
uhhhh yeah it can be the weekend any day now!
I Won't Give Up On
love - keyshia cole <3
Whoa... I can't believed I still love you?
just found out im going to be an auntie to a little girl excited!
Lets go quinss :) mike brown
All of the Republican candidates are embarrassing.
Jaykaykayy possiblyyyy. we will see. mother and I got in a fight tonight.
Well I got everything I wanted...u will learn I always get what I want cuz I work for it!!!
a nigga can fuck 10000 bitches with no remorse but if someone fucks HIS bitch, he
happy thanksgiving errybody!
Family meal ... Drinks & boxing with friends was Jokes Great start to my birthday celebrations ... shouts to everybody that came out
Those people who aren't brave enough to say how they really feel
Finally got my beats by Dre. Yup. Ill never be able to go back to plain ol headphones
Taking my kids to the airport! Really gonna miss elliscaleb and MikaelaEllis
Team Edward all the way!
im not understanding why a freshie is conversating with me!!
Van Morrison is singing Into the Mystic, my child is dancing on his kilt, and my family all around me. It's not hard to be thankful.
The railroad tracks at Conway are getting OLD. People should find somewhere else to shoot pictures.
This lady bust her ass in them heels
American Dad épisodes inedits mes fesses oui. Je les ai déjà tous vus.
Love the Australia advert makes me
I hate quite places.... It makes me
juliaringelberg okay love you too and you don't let me down be tuff don't play easy on Ashley try hard and be the Julia I no hahah
About to take my gran up to the cemetery to see my grandad. Have never been my self.
, ya OWN familyy will rat you out ; bxtch you SAD !
we shall see how this turns out
Hahaha damn I feel dumb.
I can't wait to use my new baking set ;)
What? No solo for a choir final?! Just made my day a WHOLE lot better :)
So sick of guys bitchin about the girls they're with, break up or shut up dumbasses
jongens die pet dragen.
Up late thinking about this upcoming Saturday..
La ximena cumple 15 en 5 dias babeeeee Ximenadlp
I hope I left my wallet in my car...
sankeys!! with Gracec_xox kittushdunn vickstarrr and carolinemwills
The awkward moment when a drawing looks better in your head than it did on the paper.
I Want My Baby Back
Staring at the guy in front of me at the stop light picking his ear and eating it
when the car in front of you makes a complete stop to turn right
Ready to go home to my FAM[ily] in MS!! HomeSick!
This weekend is going to be what's up!! excited :)))))
iShuld b one of the happiest ppl in the world right now but all iCan du is sit && cry. Depressed.
Watching a rerun of last season's glee holiday episode.Wondering what next years Xmas ep will be like w/o all of the orig cast.
everyone makes mistakes but on camera, when you know your kids will see this one day & will be so embarrassed!
Whoever is happy will make others happy too. He who has courage and faith will never perish in misery.
Things I like: getting my album of The Biggest Stunt. Things I don't like: not having a way to listen to it.
bout to download this new asherroth & then theweekendxo new project tooo
I've never been on twitter this long
I hate when someone takes my phone and keeps checkig my pictures !!
Can't believe LMFAO is actuually coming and I can't goooo :(
11 - 11 - '11 moooie datum
I don't understand why our grade is so lame. All we do is get suspended.
Always be the rock for my fam
The guy working in lids just made my day. Complete stranger with a random act of kindness :)
hammyhavoc something exciting just happened this morning.
my mom is so obnoxious.
worry worry worry worry worry worry worry worry worry worry worry worry worry worry worry worry worry worry worry worry worry worry
Trying to write history essay but the book won't tell me what to write
Can't feel the dance anymore :(
Doing my rounds and a tear fall I miss my man!! U gotta have one like mine to understand!!
I really hate notifications popping out in my account which has nothing to do with me nor do I with them annoying!
Karess is gonna love her Hello Kitty room. Found the perfect bedding set, curtains , & throw rug .
I NEED A JOB. Ugghhhh.
dixiedarlin99 are you having it today? I can come see you like 8ish:) will you be at your moms or dads?
a belly full of three slices of Pumpkin pie, and online shopping. yesss  
I'd rather be smart than be known for acting stupid all the time. annoying.
My Granny cook a Big Dinner Every Sunday For Us thats
Why do I have so damn many yellow skittles in this package.
In the guild waiting for example
Finding Nemo is on!!
Little sister just shut it down !!! Yet again .... *talented ballerina*
I am in such a great mood for only getting 3 hours of sleep!
2/2 vrydag heel de dag by me ventje en zaterdag avond met mitchell na de film
Back to short hair
when someone uses the word fuck in every single thing they tweet..
Puss in boots was hilarisch!!! Hahahah
That was the worst communication I have ever heard in my life. No wonder why she fucking hates you.
today is a lucky day :)
I'm enjoying evry sec on this day......Excited#
20 days and I'll be back in Charlotte, maybe then everything will fall into place.
My prize possession, one and only, adore ya, boy I want ya. The one I can't live without- that's you, that's you. justinbieber
Vanilla coke from sonic
GulcinErgulGE 23ün senin için anlamını bilmesem de bugün 23 kasım ve ilk konserin. Kalbimi oraya gönderdim bile :)
i think it's time to tell him i like him , im serious this time
second round of the Madden tournament tonight.
Shut up and stop trying so hard.
Hopefully that's the last time gettin up in the middle of the night to pee :)
Not grounded this weekend! 2:17 needs to hurry and come so my weekend can start!! Excited <3 :D
Without God ill be lost & never found
Doing the last minute run around before going to watch my baby girl Jaysa_Mitchem perform at her Christmas Concert.
food can't get done quick enuff
Yeeeaaaaahhhh!!!!!!!! Only 6 more days 'til my fam. members arrive nd only 7 more days 'til my whole fam. comes for christmas excited!! :D
only 3 more days until my birthday :) :)
Why do I always loose my phone.. Then find it in the most obvious places.
My brother and sister just told me they've got me something expensive which is to do with AllTimeLow for Christmas. Hmm... excited :D x
thankful for you. Enjoy RADeMita brittpe1tz citygirlblogs cityshopgirl jlindeman89 KaraAllan kaylafenner kelliemae7
I am truly nothing without Jesus.
Sex and the city 2 ...
Your fucking annoying, always talking shit like the dumb bitch you are.!
Finna Be 2Years In A Couple Of Months.....Damn We Came Along Way...Through All The Secrets&Lies..We All We Got !!
looking forward to a good workout.
Hate having to dress up because of sports
Kuwait isn't a bad place. :o
Someone Like you!!!! Love Daaisy2 :) Qtop1000 QMusicNL
Everyone is saying that this week is going by so slow... I feel like its going 100 miles per hour
agilz32 it was just in reply to your stupidity when you # rockchaulk..  I know you like the worst team..
chloeeglover no wayy!?! Well done eeee! Only a week and a few days now!! Eeeee
Breast, Wings (White Meat) Red Bean & Rice, Biscuit & A Cold Power Aid!! HAPPY!
Happy the way something's turn out In the end!neverthoughtthiswouldhappenhappy!!
My Tory Burch flats came in! And my parents get here in a couple hours.
Sick and tired of these people calling in and getting mad at me bc they don't pay attention.... annoyed, wishiwasinschool.
Ill do anything just to see my children
the fact they just left me nd Noot lol
So pissed I just missed my eBay bid and lost what I wanted. Ughhhh
She is so cute when she sleeps...
I'd like to give a special S/O to ermenia for blowing up my spot in front of my parents tonight..
We got WiFi in Taco bell
A single Redwood can produce enough timber to make 2000 picnic tables. Wow
Not everyday is a sunday depressed ;-(
2 weeks till break
It is November 23rd...thrashermag needs to get this Grant Taylor part up NOW
I consider myself a decently smart person, but I was dumb enough to believe all your lies.
Sucha great day :) good conversations
People that are so negative won't ever see the positive things in life.
itsmeleighton hiiii bb I hope you're having a great weekend I miss you!!!
Khey did so so soo well my math exam
Can't wait to start helping Emily plan the wedding!
Think its gonna be a good day. thankful &
All the houses across my street are decorated by Christmas things and mine is completely empty of those things.
youthworkconf for some reason, almost every Christian event, alot of people forget bibles!
BOUT TO GET DRESSED.. IT MAKES ME FEEL LESS depressed lol
Don't even feel like talking to anyone for the rest of the night.
PrettyBoyCed33 Ion got a man dumb ass cause they all like you
Not in a good mood.....
tuh kan 3 rare gear sekaligus
Vibin wit da fam
I wish people could just read my mind so that i dont have to waste my breath  explaining shit ugh ANNOYED! -_-
The people who claim they couldn't kill anyone need to go out and meet some more people.
Almost got my golden Barrett.
Secret Santa has been bought! Oooh natasharisman tessdej misslizzieraw erawlingay MissWB grace_milas whoooo will it be?!
have to clean....but im still on twitter....
another crazy week about to get under way, my staff are working sooo hard it makes me very
I just wish justinbieber. Would tweet me just for christmas? love. 4
Website is 90% done!!! Official launch by the end of the year. So excited!
AHHHH!!!! tomorrow birthday cant wait...
Family is coming tonite
That's funny because I thought your best friends were supposed to be there for you no matter what.
Can't wait for snow!!!!!!!! :)) happy!
Pole dancing with my daughter LesaLaMyya in the a.m this shall be fun
walking on ice and thinking its slidy so you attempt to slide but it must doesnt happen
LucDagg no hockey again?
Happy Feeeeeeeeeeeeeeet 2 ( coming out Friday )
Getting my hair cut
All Time Low trending!!
it all abt US
When a half naked boy comes up on your newsfeed and his boobs are probably the same size as yours
When you have the size advantage that Tulsa has, you foul up 3 with less than 5 seconds to play. Tulsa 50% from foul line.
Going to be the best weekend ever sucks i dont get to see him though o well!
i have had this crick in my neck since saturday!
KaylaGrace21 Lmfao probably. No other school wants to learn about some war through animals...
I wish I could fucking figure you out.
Fletch_99 outside fees house. The guy must have only just got there
Nearly went to school with a name tag on because it was still on my cost from open evening!
everybody follow my niigga Kd_Conner23 he only got 2 followers... Haha
Its A lot of Women out here that don't Appreciate a Good Man..
all i know is i was enchanted to meet youuuu
She finally grew up
The remaining days of this year is gonna be awesome!
I hate not being in control of a situation
I'm Counting My Blessings And Appreciating Them Because A lot of People Wish To Live My Life.
sooooo i get my phone this week !!!
Thinking about the lack of Thunder games and now I understand how the Sonics fans felt.
I'm not a mind reader! A novel idea, I know!
All happy again~ i love you babe <3
sooooooooo i heard that someone ( cough cough ) was on my indoor soccer team :) woaaaah . excited . LindsayMarieA
Something tells me floydmayweather knows he would lose to mannypacquiao and this why we will never see this fight.
  Can't wait to go ice skating tomorrow
Love only grows by sharing. You can only have more for yourself by giving it away to others. - Brian Tracy
I know nobody hasn't touch ur body like this!
Already lined up 5 people to be with me over Christmas break!!
why is it that every time i'm about to submit a paper i get real nervous and experience bad anxiety?
ClassyFabSarah that happened here last night
thingspeopleshouldntdo be part of team breezy
über-über nerd: nog een 9 gehaald voor m'n huiswerk :-)
This guy is going 20 in a 35 please kill him someone
Hell everybody needs somebody sometime
2/20/11 :) Almost A Year ! love .
BradDylenski win or loss in Indy were still the better team. They will get lit up by Houston and that will be
FLemut23.. and im the one who had to cheat on grade school spelling tests...
getting one direction's album later
There he is! Percy_Harvin way to get it done and nice play call!!
Birthday inabit. only another 26 daysss, 32 till christmas
S/0 to the man upstairs for walking me up this morning   thankful .
Really?? You tell me its going to snow and instead I get this....?
infernoxred I really hate it so much sometimes.
Bitch n*gga, you more of a bitch than a bitch!!!!!!
awesome music makes me wanna garb a microphone and jump on a stage to sing it x0
Most of all thank you to the big man above for allowing me to see another day and be so blessed
Jodie_Raine yes definitely, i miss you a lot, im reviewing the film now cos im sad :)
I have never met a more selfish and self centered person in my entire life.. Hope you're happy now
Starting to think we are over confident and have no shot on Saturday.
lol youre such a bitch sometimes
So much for receiving any solid answers. The waiting game continues.
Lmaooo, I really unfollowed oomf bc they pissed me off thru a text msg & then tweeted ... anger ...
today is soo not a good day
Thanks to all the beautiful people who support what we do! You guys and our passion for music is what keeps us going!
That fuckin Security Dad nigga is like a fly at a bbq
MrzPretti_KATT dat nigga smoking weed playing playstation all day get mad love/respect
I like to keep my Sundays quiet and effortless
Omg it's Monday!!! 1 day left to the audition of IndonesianIdol2012 in Manado.. excited hoho :D
But first paying my girlfriend a visit in the hospital  
In bed by midnight.. Wonderful.. No shopping for me! Gotta be on my grind for work in the A.M. Had a great day with my family..  
cr0sstheline pretty much makes my life
Christmas shopping on Sunday
its amazing how you try your best to take a step foward and something makes u take two steps back....
Getting ready to go see Alvin and the chipmunks!!! Excited :)
I hate it when people take ages to text back! annoying!
Thank God for my family and friends. I don't know where I would be without him or them.  Thankful :)
just had to put my 7yr old dog in the naughty corner. very
colmtobin AllanCavanagh Try feeling like an amoeba some time, bise; have past-pupils earning 10 times my salary.
Whenever I'm sad/mad I either A)Dance it off. Or B)Go through my clothes making new outfits ((: happy!
I dnt need a turkey to praise God everyday is thanksgiving for me
When Alex need to leave but I beg him to stay. love.
Me & My Baby Sleeping On Tha Phone Togetha.! =)
Hubs alarm is set for 6:00 and he's still not home yet
MonicaChagorski =)) i really can't imagine how you can go on with your life. *hands down to ya, girl* ooh! look, our convo's long!
dad like dont turn off my phone
Typing this 12 page paper.
Noo its not okay to talk about someone then become best friends with them.. annoyed! stoptalking!
Lety_213 that's what I do tho.. haha AND I'll probably be back on the road later this week.. get ready to worry. hahaha
I did better than I eve thought I would today.
i fuckin hate when guys flirt with you and they have gf's,
Honestly don't know how I let it get so bad.
Happy Veteran's day! I'm so thankful for all who serve! Especially for my dad attnut!
I hate when I miss the good times!
I actually want to stay home and watch the games with my brothers who I never see
KiraRMoss yesyesyesyes! I've got it too, I know quite a lot of the words
I've been drunk every night since Thursday
jessiejofficial 's song lyrics make so much sense!
Cool, pretty sure I just broke that treadmill at workouts today.
cant tweet anthing without my dad commenting on it
Not a good morning. annoyed.
Giving lightshows at work!! I'm way too excited!
mannnnnnnnnnnnn I swear the bay sleep Soooooo fuckin wild I can't even get comfortable in my own bed
Happy 11.11.11. FF sexyasianangel junestoyer junestoyer scorchedband williamm49 billzucker
Awww, i left shorty in the room by herself.. Sad! Lol
So ima just ms.lester nd dats all
eating mee hoon... i want spaghetti!
I didn't know i was following Lay_Mariie though
I am not going to love you..I am not going to love you..right now how do I tell you that I can't see you anymore?
I would think it would bother you just a little..
Depending on the next text I get, this day will either be really good, or really bad...
Watching christmas vacation with my love
People really get on my nerves.
iwalk around da house half naked so much dat ibe forgettin ion have on clothes; ialmost walked outside in my underwear to check da mail
` Sad ; I Miss Having All Types Of Talks & Watchin Movies With My Mommy( Im1of_AKind )& Sister( TW33TFR3AK_ )  Feel So
this is actually the first time doin my hwrk at home
Can't wait till TKNCASHmixtape comes out. 4 more days !
chucktaylorss WHY ?!!! Where Have You Been ? OMG
Getting another dog at the house.
- School until 10:30, then going to babe's house to spend some time with him before I leave; <3 Flying to Florida at 2 :) Excited !
and to top it off they are both wearing high-shine leggins!
Christmas scented candles & watching elf with my sis and kids
this broads just likes to hear the sound of her voice
Omg this CrimMinds_CBS is so sad!!
still packing clothes..KC bound tomorrow
Anycarolina13 nada, yo no las tengo :(
bernardbrogan Can u retweet to let your Dublin fans know that u will be signing the new DVD in HMV Blanch 6pm Friday please?!
Thankful for everyone in my life. My family, my bros, my friends, the new people in my life, and even my haters.
Wow that feels incredible. I'll never doubt the relevance of a VHS tape again, either. I love Texas regardless. But seriously.
justin bieber can sing higher than me....):
today will consist of studying, studying and more studying.
“AndyJamesOliver: No need for a feeling; tonight was a good night.”
Good morning tweet-hearts :) Have a great weekend
Victoria Secret Fashion Show Is  Coming On Again Tonight  Excited :)
Friends are so complicated.
My GiltGroupe purchase is coming today?! Didn't I JUST order it?
I love my life!!
Happy Birthday RevRunWisdom and thank u. (I'm talking to u.)
Leaving now I think XD! excited :D
Currently eating Mcdonalds for the third time in less than a week
Boutaa get ready for my interview
JackWagon72 hahaha idk I thought it was always a surprise til I realized they were in a perfect pattern
Anya and Katya are going to be in my sight tomorrow.
zachrich66 I'm going to need you to get your phone
Spanish recitation is today. O.o
is is wrong that i declare this past weekend a success because i didn't get out of bed and got my dvr down to 60 hours left of shows?
Today is going pretty well.
What? No QI tonight?
owl city, wow i miss them
Going to see Breaking Dawn at 9:20 pm, my mom loved Eclipse so I KNOW her socks are going to be blown off!!! Excited :-)
TomFelton my love for you just grew greater when I saw all your sweet tweets back at your fans.
The feeling that no matter what you do nothing goes right
My mother is straight up pathetic.
Skyrim only gets better and better!
About to check out my man CTJenkins22 in his first exhibition game for the Warriors on NBA TV
Good lord, listening to these rednecks talk is so fucking obnoxious.
had a great night sleep :-) blessed like always thank God..wondering what today will bring me :-) got an idea bt i hope it falls thru
NickOnt492 dreaming things that actually happened? This cannot be real life (:
Watching Jenna_Marbles puts me in a good mood. (: Can't wait till Wednesday
Off home now, shopping done, gonna have a nice bath whilst playing footy manager
Haven't watched the oc in a week (newrecord) cause the next ep is the one that ryan and marissa breakup for good depressing amandamadar
Taylor_Leonard dude I just saw you and screamed nipples and u didn't hear me...
antanddec i think i'd rather swallow a stanley knife than be in the jungle with sinita
^____^. My heart's in awe happy! :)
Can anyone else not get their final grades for OU on Sail or is it just me?
FIELD TRIP TO THE SCIENCE MUSEUM WITH HALEY'S 4TH GRADE CLASS!! College chaperone, yay yay
dguballa nice!  Lol and STC put mee in a Xmas mood today
TheUKSEO karl_hodgson that's not a Xmas venue, that's a Halloween venue
I know u've been hurt, by someone else, u can tell by the way you carry yourself, if u let me heres what i'll do, Ill take care of u..
The guy on the packed out bus made my day by giving up his seat for me and all my bags :D
IFTKWOODY good luck with tomorrow.. Know you can smash it
Hot venison stew on a cold, snowy night
There went my best friend
Phone finally! Idk how 2 act now lol
MrDuncanJames Can you follow me my darling? Make me happy :)
T_GUTTA_ lol pretty much me & my crew... U gotta handful left outside of us
Just wish I had someone to talk to somtimes
I guess I should invest in a teddy bear
178 on the PSAT, best I could do.
Knew this would happen. ugh. Hate when people break plans last minute.
getting ready for BUSUpresident's ball!
Whenever I switch over to the rugby we scored
Thank you KarinaKisz for that amazing information , now I lost my appetite
Oh excuse me, violently *SHAT* herself.
Para dormir: glad you came by the wanted  
Can't wait 2 go home
Going to listen to thescript all day. ALL. DAY!!
if u don't like Justin don't follow him but don't waste ur life conning up with crappy insults trying to put him down . It FRIKEN
Sick 2 death ov this shit weather!
this guy is getting on my phuckindear nerves. annoyed. -.-
KnightRyder01  my pleasure thank you for Spreading
I hope swagonfuleffect's tattoo is healing fast .. Cuz soon she will be getting another one; all for love lmao
3 things are certain in life. Death, taxes and Derek Dooley loses unless he has a lead at the half
justinbieber please come and tell the boys at my school :( never even let you hug them just for fun
The woman behind the counter at panera recognized us and suggested we get a member card.
Nobody ever tweets now
LOL cbeebies is so funny getting in to itsad.
Ok CONFIRMED : ladygaga NEVER gonna FOLLOW me !! Sad =´(
OMFG. There's a hooligan with 3 mini hooligans. Asdfghjkl
Off to read my biology book... again.
has just woken up
Best three singers in the bottomsad.
I GET TO GO HOME IN A WEEK!
I always wake up soooo hungwy after a nap, does this happen to anyone else? Am I a weirdyy?
I loveeeee my mommmmmmmm . Idk what i would do without her in my life . love .
Just Jenny Francis ChoiceFM vibes for me....
I'm in love, & I like knowing that it's with my best friend. blessed happy WATTS_WRONG
She's almost here(;
Can't wait for the feast! :) YEAH. <3
When you're trying to sleep and the dang dog is snoring like a 50 year old obese man...
I'll be home 4 Christmas... That feels great to say.
i hate substitute bus drivers . like how hard is it to read some fucking directions ? -_-
Just ordered from Forever21. Merry Christmas to me.
norredpaypay I MISSS UUUUUU TOOOO :'(
This week need to hurry up! I need to see Santa Clause!!
Going 2 mom's church 2 help her serve Thanksgiving dinner 2 the homeless. Their smiles & thanks r the bests gifts I will rcv today
Im ready for oomf to skype me
YAY for our first home game tomorrow!!!
these days Id rather cuddle up by the fire and watch a movie then anything else
People that brag -___-
I know so much about the nba and all it's trades I could be on espn
Watching CMAchristmas all by my little self. lonely.
You just alwaaaaays have to piss me off. Dude won't wake up, and my family won't quit calling.
Why does my mom do this to me.
Just had to witness £8,500 get won by the biggest tosser on my site!
gracemariee23 yeah i really needa control my outbreaks...i'm like herpes face everyday :\
Almost That Time ReelLove W/ leannrimes Make Sure YOU All Tune In!!
I didn't sit next to you for a reason. Don't move your stuff to sit next to me.
Nothing better then sparking up your own masterpiece
And Christmas only 25 days away and ACU is looking very festive! excitement!
laurx0laur are you still alive or is Panera keeping you captive?
Why does no one wanna answer the phone todayyyy
Taking off your make-up after a long day bliss.
Omg I just ripped it in this text message
The things our parents go through to see us make it
fell on the stairs at tri-c... twice.
Thank God 4 2day and every other day he wakes me and my family up
CosmopolitanUK never ever tried it and dont think i will eurgh disgusting stinks haha
I  have no hoes
At 1st you didn't mean that too me!, now I know your all I need
I swear people always nagg you to go do something and the day you choose to go and get it done they decide they can't take you
Seeing to missed friends, talking to missed friends, remember your memories with that friend makes me remember the best parts of life
I have so much to do. panicking.
Theres no such thing as World Peace someone always gotta start something .
the t key on this keyboard, guys. needs way to much pressure from straight above.
Up 1. Down 2.
Catching up with old hobbies. Currently making tracks.
Seeing so many Marilyn pictures today and not being able to get them!
my momma just told me we're invited to the cutlers christmas party
A broke ass niGa that pretend he's not ughhh
GOA here I cum In a week ! Another wedding :D !!!!
Christmas is going to be such a surprise this year, yay!
Everytime I leave the studio, I feel so good.  Like im starting fresh :)
hard candy Christmas playing at the Bonnie
I tend to close my eyes in pictures.
guess some people will never change
talkSPORTDrive Any Good Journo would be making the most of a massive Manchester Story.....  But No Adrian Durham attacking Gooners
hollymckeownn yayayayay! Secret santa stuff all ordered and sorteddd!! :D
What an absolute sober mess Stubbsybear was at league presentation!
Love my friends! Such good friends beat any old boys!!!!
Making the journey back to the 317 w/ k_lee255. Quick stop in Batesville w/ ADeCilles before the homestretch
The people outside my apt really need to learn to not be so loud!!
justinbieber what happened? Your tweets used to be so good ..
Hate getting woken up -_-
It sucks when you can't tell the person you love everything you feel because you're to scared they will get upset about it..
Stop worrying you're stressing me out.
Just Updated my openSUSE 12.1 to KDE 4.7.4 ! Many bugfixes and improvements!!! :D
We All, We All, We All, We All, We All, We All Want The Same Thing
This is the smallest check I've ever seen.
Penn state has opened a can of worms. Everyone is going to start coming forward with allegations now.
Between The Buried And Me. love.
- I'm really considering getting my number changed!
Aye Rule No. 1 Never let a man distract u from gettin' money. Rule No. 2 Never forget rule rumber one.
cannot get into the working mood..
guychriqui thanks! They haven't told me yet, but either Atlanta or south Carolina
We'll laugh about the old days and catch up on the new. I'll see you when I see you and I hope that's some day soon.
klamelissa don't feel bad. My vols got beat today too.
Y all these weird ass ppl tweet me?
just heard that Ed wrote 'the a team' about a girl who lived in a shelter and he went back to the shelter and she wasn't there anymore..
I don't feel good at all & I have to finish this stupid AP World project..
maaarise i love you
I Can't tweet from my phone. Whats wrong with it? :(
Getting ready to shake me tits round the toon with me julies karldickey1 and jamesleehepple later on....
giannigrot have fun in paris! and bring me a souvenir ;)
that amazing feeling when you download HEAPS of new songs and put them on your iPod and then listen to them all <3
Just patiently waiting for cassieeeeeeeee to come pick me up from school...
12 more school days till Winter Break(:
Jcastillo922 it's F'n loading and taking forever
Well this weekend sucks.
When people only tweet about their boyfriend/girlfriend
ThingsWeAllHatte people that tweet and re tweet so much its 99% of your timeline!
Everyone needs an anchor; someone to hold on to, someone to return to and someone who prevents us from drifting away.
Jtgoedeke I think you just summed up my life!
Just saw the charge for my p90x2 Ultimate Pack hit my credit card!  Next weekend I'll be bringin' it X2 Style!!!
I just got smacked in the face with this door. Embarrassing...
Woke up to a txt msg @ 1:09am, its now 3:00am and all now I can't go back to sleep
Don't tell nobody shit about me or what I say that's my business, that shit
It's kind of strange. Wednesday is the day that I hate being a distant dad. Not sure why.
katheryn1997 Aw you seem so
The news lied, it told me to expect snow aka expect a lie in
_kirstinnn you are not the least bit funny. Babies are not a topic of joke. Especially with my luck lately! surprise!
visiting people around Jersey get to be tiring real quick, NY people next week...
In bed with my laptop. Planning the next tattoo.
I'm hungry and the only thing I have to chew is gum
Surprised to hear that NL MVP Ryan Braun used performance enhancing drugs
Shit im with debi the downer right now.
I swear to  God. We can beat the 5 team but not 10? alright cool. You look like UGA the way you're playing out there..
I jus unwrap my hair now I'm about to wrap back
Not getting a selection box so some people get a glorified massage.
Wish these pains would go away agony :(
My brother's leaving on Christmas Eve....
Trailride to start off the day<3
wowww i cannot do math.
Geek in the pink..live? Oh heck yes. I musttttt go see a jmraz concert
watching justinbieber perform mistletoe at the AMA's... he's going to absoloutely amazing on sunday on the x factor
cant wait to see the horses today <3
I love my friends and fam mannnn...there till the end!!!
Very happy with one of the gifts I received last week. My suegro gave me a Rolex. He said he got it while traveling in China
Colossians 3:15-  And let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts, to which indeed you were called in one body. And be thankful.
Sorry guys I wasn't in the spirit to go to school today. ohallisonchloe oh no, you didn't get you chance to annoy me.
Breaking dawn with BerlinBrianna LlishaRenee <3 excited (:
gadyisviolet aliaqamelia start merapuh merepek, ok get a life now or I'll kill you in my house.
Only one side of my nose is stuffy
Last day at the Wentworth Victim Friendly Centre in Durban!!
people have a first name for a reason use it
just called my phone and shes officially dead. good thing i have an extra battery
jagsdrew I read half & then thought I was going to be sick.
Sorry for my tweets last night
Santa Claus is Coming To Town nos tt's :D
You know someone Loves you when they support your Happines, Growth and Dreams and never try to keep you down. 
Full day ahead at the theatre.
leonalewismusic that was ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! xfactor hurt x
New glasses:) and I get my jacket monday:D
What. The. Fuck.  you've gotta be fucking kidding me right now.
So irritated ready to go home I miss my hose n my bed!!!!!!
Why the fuck do people have phones if they cant answer it or text back? Damn! Annoyed!
Bout to eat at 4 houses today yes and then be in the gym all week gettin ready for my next game
The man upstairs is good, always all day.
25 days of christmas starts tonight
DrJabroni  A in philosophy! you rock as much as sparrow rocks.
This rain makes it feel like friday
I know I sAid I was gone but ladies you must enjoy a bubble bath with bath crystals and a good book! This is the best feeling bliss :)
When the person next to yous headphones are louder than the song on the radio that you're trying to listen to.
Mark someone on D!!!! They're pros but they play D like its division 4 ayso!
Yes!!...transfer window opens in a bit!!.... bliss!!...
Shittt I wish I was in Texas...boredtweet sad sniffle Paolab_xxo
mikeyta_palmer -Yo those vans? Nah iGot these from Target,, llf-
Driving the truck alone for the first time
JosephJones you are working 70 hrs this week...I will bring you pizza anytime! You are such a hard worker!
Ron , Pookie , and Ricardo Been Blowing Mee For The Past 2Weekssss !
Xbox playing up here
Ugh !. My phone keeps freezing I rather have a flip phone then this one !.
Not sure I have flown flybe since they were British European
Me and mom at Walgreens and she asks the pharmacists where the alcohol is.
AB IN 10 DAYS!!!! alterbridge buzzin excited williamson1994 stevo_allan DaveGarden95 LukeWest283 stuartburnett17
“YunggScar614: My damn nose is stuffed up -_-” I hate when yours so bad you have to breath through your mouth...
On my way to shoot in langebaan:-)
MrsNatalicious Hayley_Cassidy LOL bonus! Ya both beeches! Those tears were tears of appreciation, love, happiness and family bond LOVE!
clairelesss didn't make me a cookie.
Oh, no. The nytimes paywall is up. I don't think I can afford it.
i realllly hate that hobby lobby is closed on sundays
xlauraboland I just used a spatula to get as much nutella out of those retarded jars. I know your
LOCKOUT IS OFFICIALLY OVER!
Ok I'm sleep n they pour a bucket of water on me good job
Wants this tire to get changed so I can get on my way! :)
Life couldnt be any better right now(: I have wonderful frands awesome family and a perfect guy!
You drive me absolutely insane but as much as I want to let you go I can't
Off to see twilight
DRAAKEEE after the break :):):)
It breaks my heart to see so many less fortunate people. I wish I could help everyone
Church IN DA AM:) 
davemendonca1 haha best bet mate! Deserved to go out tbh, hopefully spark a transfer!!
Aw I love just sitting here thinking about Cody im all chill
With a crispy honey mustard wrap on the side..Happy:)
Taking a trip to the Orange shop
Congrats to our afc_brandy! She will be representing us, ATLCheerleaders, in Hawaii this year at Pro Bowl!!
LittleBubbleCat YES! were almost at 120 just 1 away! :'O
Lookin for misery. But she found me.
So grateful for my other half. My best friend & the most amazing daddy. Best of all, he knows all the ways to inspire me. love Indecent1
i'm NOT about to settle on something that i'm not happy with.
rouge_witch walking....yeah me too xP  when I go out in the morning the sunlight is so warm and SO beautiful + the music xD
Officially a blood donor:)
Shout out to the peeple that follow me
Want to be at tinie tempah's concerts so bad!
Watching a girl sing to herself in math
How does eyebags feel?
Two slices of pizza, sweat pants and T-shirt w. nobody to share with ... Lonely lol
Just found my new favorite spot to at eat on campus happy :)
im thankful for REAL fam and friends...my loved ones that are no longer here but watchin over me and mine makin sure im safe
Going to hit up this elementary school party
Birthday is in 4 days!!
mgunnels2001 I can't wait to see you next week!! :D excited itsbeenlikeawholeweek !!!!
Why am I cheesing soo hard !
I want a Mango Bravo cake from Conti's Pastry shop and Restaurant for my birthday!
of all songs to be stuck in my head it has to be dies irea. Miss that choir
emilysundayy yeah I finally gave in
DeannaOffner de go back to bed
Is in so much HAPPINESS! Hahaha =))
Long island you always do me right
got a small taste of what interning at acltv is going to be like and I have to say I am beyond excited. :)
The weather here reminds me of a fall evening in Winnipeg. Getting BDI with my mom and heading to the park to fly a styro-foam kite.
SamanthaParsley im layinn in bed . trying not to be needy . everything and everyone is killing me . depression.
Going to get my new keyboard for tomorrow's show!...
No one is tweeting
MADE ALL A's ON MY SEMESTER TEST
Studying for semester tests and forgot my olive garden at school
justinbieber CANNOT STOP LISTEN MY UNDER THE MISTLETOE!! your new album is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! <33 PROUD +14
Sponsored silence tomorrow with LiamsGurllxox and some people in my form for Children In Need, raised £42.90 all by me self! proud :)
I just realized how badly I want things to go back to the way they used to be. I miss it. :( sad.
Then again i dont!!! In need of a perm so it prolly look like im natural aha
CrisyMdelMar Victooria_1D circles, we're going in circles...AROUND ONE DIRECTION, worried :(
ahh just remembered what happened when i was at my babes house the other day embarrassing!
Ughh. Why is it so hard to find a red top that fits me?? I give up! Isn't it Christmas time?
god spend time with your family instead of your boyfriend. your families here to see you
This mom looks like she's mistaken her crack pipe form meal.
justinbieber You always will be kidrauhl for me, you'll always be that kid who is living his dreams, you're my inspiration, LOVE <3
that cereal this morning did my stomach IN! been TweetFromTheToilet for like 30 min
cobrown58 Happy Turkey day Round..One Luv...
You just stopped talking to me.
Don't you just hate it when u trust a family member with your stuff n they go behind your back n tell your business!!!!!! Disappointed :/
Removal van outside. Looks like it's taking noisy, argumentative neighbours and their stuff out of my life forever.
Carli___21 me + you + last song = happening. lulabeth_lloyd can go with carter and we will be left out.
askin if i can go to the movies tonite hope my parents say yes
Pain, finals n work....
ArDitaJBieber REAL? I can say I the best of the best!U real cutee awww HUH I will not have 1.000.000 0_0
Sleeping this late when I know I have to be up by 5:00 tmrw is somthing I will regret, and it will make me hate sundays even more!
Smh! She Know she Bad too!
So over my job and the added drama.
4 days till I see onedirection excited <3
Doesn't understand what I did to deserve this.
Boone this afternoon to see my long lost best friend TheKaylaMcGrath !
No work for me tomorrow
wtf? that's why I want to live with no other human beings!
In a really good mood (:  likes.him
I think these judges will choose Stacey! Ugh.. Hope it's a tie then person with lowest votes goes
Asked for help for the first time in my life...hopefully it works out ill have my career.
omg someone tweet me
Miriam schapiro and Klee. DEFINITELY having an artist study based on them one day. art love.
CAN MY SISTERS FRIENDS LEAVE MY HOUSE.
Some people piss me off. Even your stupid ass tweets. We used to be cool but now you're
so, apparently my parents don't love me enough to buy me what I wanted for nearly sixteen years now; a puppy.
GirlyPosts follow  Connex_Official new channel launching soon follow and spread the word!
Girl you are straight crazy..
elainagomez rivers is a bitch and ya that's crazy
When you think you know someone, then something happens and your whole opinion of someone changes
I don't give up.
Its more gays n2 church den anythng.
hailey_yondo what was steering the car?
Wakin up second period finally>>>>>>
I just want to decide on a college to go to..
justinbieber you're incredible:) I will always be there for you! Thank you for all the love to us:) can't wait for Believe..PROUD <3 17
Why is hips dont lie STILL my shit after so long.
Not a good night :(
I bet short people get really excited when they accidentally hit their heads on things.
Dnt you hate when u playing the game & you lose but you got somebody next to you who never played telling u wht to do to win.?
I'm startin to do real well in schoo tho . Proud !
yaay mum and dad wrapping up my christmas prezzies!
I do love that the streets of DC empty out during holidays. Like all the craziness is swept away and we start over
At a loss of words w/ how respectful and how much of a gentleman my bf is. Sometimes I think I don't deserve all that he gives me.
Evertonal I can't believe I just put that. Sorry
Tmw seems far away...
You're in highschool and you can't spell any better than a 3rd grader.
I'm gonna smile cuz I deserve to :)
The stars are NOTHING compared to ur eyes, mirrian. (:
sippykenny11 can't believe I'm about to pass you in tweets
I'm So Happy You Were safe last night  reecemastin
I am in misery. There ain't no teacher that can help teach me. Why won't they answer me? Exam week Is slowly killing me.
Being drunk is not an excuse for being an asshole.
whitegrlproblem your tweets have gone mainstream.
felt like a saturday all day, ahh school tomorrow :( ..
BiankaRuano motenai ostia es verdad!! Y nos sale mad barato!! Xdddd love !!
Truth be told I might throw up during the game tonight...
We loss thanks to Barber BITCH ass.!
I might actually buy coal for my sister for xmas..her sarcasm is getting
First volleyball tournament!!! tooearly goingtokickbutttoday:) excited!
YGKTraffic Avoid Counter today. Construction at Via messing up the roads. People are driving the wrong way to get a jump on the line.
Why doesn't it sound like there is a concentration camp near my place??? sirens and megaphones is all I can hear
damnit! fucking typos! now i gotta repost it rage lmao
DylanLowndes Enshure Going ham in MW3 GB today baby!
Loyalty comes first, that's what poverty do!
The moment when a person kiss you and you can't describe the Feeling.
Leg is feeling weird! :/ dont like this!!!!! worried!!!!:(
Sometimes I wish I'd never seen what Ce Lo Green looks like.
I JUST NEED SOMEBOY TO
I hate when a box of food is empty, yet people still leave it in the cabinet.
Reason for use of facebook. 1) still more popular with my friends (2) perv on photos.
cant seem to type properly just recently
I've heard lil Wayne mirror 3 times today on this station.
Has had a great day :) Everyone looked so beautiful!! Homecoming & cheering later:)
Jesus was a baby in a Manger he also was a Murder Victim sad#
The cat outside my house needs to hush now. I'm trying to sleep
Why must they have sex now they could have waited til I was sleep UGH!!
When he doesn't GET IT! Flip man!
About to flip shit on the guys banging on all the doors in the hallway like they are trying to ram them down.
In the car with my mommy headed to coney island lol again...she think she bout to treat but I got her
canadianfamily Love 'A Christmas Story', always watch 'Christmas Vacation', 'Frosty', 'Rudolf....', Oh, just love all Christmas movies
3 days and i'm back in Durham
this place is super full! But we still don't make money haha
Cause everytime we touch I get this feelin and everytime we kiss I swear I can fly
Great Whites: Bastards of the Sea.
In all I'm thankful for the friends I have this year and everyone whose been in my life up to this point. I'm a better person now.
Just realized that next week is the last one of the semester..
Q102JingleBall tomorrow with the girls (: Excited!
Dem Pancakes Was Jus
Pretty good day alite tired super excited for the trip!!!!
God's love for you will never fail
why is it guys are only interested in girls with boyfriends?
Hate it when someone says you're not sorry when you actually are
I just said goodnight to my iPhone.
Work in two hours... Faded awh yah I'm faded.
I'm going cross eyed! Done studying for tonight! 1.5 weeks & I am done with this semester and on to the last one (before grad school)
AlyssaLunch wow spelt his last name wrong..
adreanna_santos my little neighbors move ours for us!
what was 'Rampage' Jackson like in PRIDE
Amsterdam in the morning!!
I could do anything, you said that and you meant that
Oh my god, I love when people prank call me, it's the best... Oh wait, NO.
frickin HFChirper is gone..... whoever made that has a
If there ever comes a day when we can't be together keep me in your heart, I'll stay there forever/Winnie the Pooh
Dear person who smokes so much that their car radiates the smell of smoke, YOU STINK and I can Smell you 2 cars away!
Being in ℒℴѵℯ with a man doesn't always mean its right to be with him, it takes the right man to make you happy.
Blessed today by my generous parents
Excited to have Mum down for an early Christmas this weekend! Presents, food, decorating our first tree (with Simon) scrabble & fun!
ericaabensonn pretty sure you got in a car accident
New obsession = once upon a Time :)
she said i was thirsty
Drinking 4 Calling Birds alone, but in presence of drinking family.
When I'm older and have a well paying job, I'm going to repay my parents for everything they have done for me.
I WANT YOU TO HAVE IT ALL;BUT If I CANT GIVE YOU ALL ATLEAST BE HAPPY I TRIED TO GIVE YOU MOST!ANNOYED!
gabmasciocchi you know it was a joke !
Happy thanksgiving everyone<3
I'll keep you my dirty little secret. Don't tell anyone or you'll be just another regret. My dirty little secret
A lady at hillrs just told me she liked my plaid school skirt..
RealFredHammond it's a beautiful thing when a real man of God expounds on
OMG!! JunaiKaden is following me.. Must be doing something right =D Uber Excited x
I just want 1 dude that's PERFECT FOR ME!!! ill let all BS go!!!
I have some pretty awesome friends
Julia_Teague I'm gonna have to see that!:)
hpbaertl not gonna tell you when I come home
Having so many questions, that have no answers.
I love Thanksgiving! So happy to have ItsLizMansfield and JCMansfield home for the holiday!
“Tatted_speedsta U get mad at some shit u have no business getting mad at that's love”
Can't wait for tomorrow! I think today is purposely going slow!
Also, I bought him (aka ChaseMosal ) one of his Christmas presents today!
Now to my fellow seniors I love you guys and this has all been an amazing experience we are a family and nothing will change that
... He lost one of the hats I bought him....
About to take a shower
Got my spot today :)
NYC for new years, so excited.
nygiantsfreek Giants football these past 5-7 years has been to ignore getting upgrading at LB position with a dominant playmaker.
Everyone check out the NewChinaOldJwu song posted on his twitter feed newmusic rap Raining_Tyrants
Hittin the road tomorrow.
listening to unremebered disney songs
SnoozeShade just spotted you in the local paper proud awardtastic! X
I feel so weary for not being able to go to this year's paskuhan :(
PamelaDushaj AnthonyNukes really doesn't know who i am how
Keen to go ride excited!
Couples that kiss all the time
Lrt Lls it really is.....!
please, just tell me what's wrong because I feel like I did something or you're mad at me and you won't text me.
I Call Him My Disappointment.
dec 8 live in makassar xtianbautista at D'liquid cafe , wow
my twitter has got a thing with unfollowing people...
I LOVE YOU DUNKIN DONUTS <3
I can't believe you're leaving
Hot chelle rae - keep you with me <3
Haircut tomorrow at 330
unfsteph_ hahaha dude I started to pray the hail mary & then I was like uhhh.. what comes next?! lol
Just saw a guy fall off his motorcycle
Lauralcoolique ha bonne chance x)
MEETING THE WANTED TODAY!!! I`M GONNA DIE!!!
Damn I aint talk to Kayseebaby in awhile. I called her the other day & no call back. Some best friend she is!
allll i've been listening to is take care
Actually had a good meal at esker for once
Khunnie0624 HELLO NICKHUN ! 6 MORE DAYS TO SINGAPORE HANDS UP CONCERT ! EXCITED !
Its like I have it all but I don't have to
Portfolio one of two handed in. My baby is out of my hands now.
And again a facking Update of Facebook!! I wanna get rid of that shit!!
And, not to mention, the fricken north pole took over my room.
Fhamna ina its 11/11/11, u don't need to broadcast about it.
The shifts that have been happening lately, huge!
All I Do In Office Aid , Is Be On Twitter . Sad .
MICHAEL JACKSON ON X FACTOR!!
W_Tomlinson Then it's time to hit the road excited!
That awkward moment when you fail at your max bench and someone has to run over and save you....
wow i miss my family
babybuff_ just one happy tweet would be nice...
Don't think I am pushing you away, when your the one I kept closest
Que rico comprar música, de las mejores inversiones :D
It's not cute if you wanna sit there & try to prove you can get a dude that I want .
Kindof don't know what to think when I wake up mad at you because of a dream then find out real things that make me mad.
NathanielGibbs dude thats rude dang chelsea has been pissing me off lately. what is this? they cant win.
someone tiefed my watch! Aarrghhh
Addicted2Haley oh i will! :D haven't been this excited for an AI alum's first album since Season 8. exciting!
adbatchelor just sent you the visual representation also I look like I have holiday checker with my green stitches see ya tomorrow
He even agreed and said he wasn't lookin for a relation lmao idk why he won't hop off
Bobs_93 What was the score today when the mighty Finland came up against Uruguay on fifa12?
Love how everyone at work had embarrassed me in front of mates from college aha :)
Fun get rubber cases they get easily stuck in your pocket
I just want sleep.. This whole mind racing shit has got to stop.
Jamming the chris brown album relaxing!!!
I hope are dance for the school is a success!
20 yrs old in 12 days :)
dat day is almst here
Embarrassing moment 643:  when you have to take the elevator back down to the lobby to ask what room you're staying in...
I Still Recall shocking attack on out Parliament on 13th Dec 2001.The culprit Afzal still has not been hanged due to vote bank politics
EddieeBee Not watched it yet
JoshLebrun Hashtagging someone's name instead of mentioning them
History TA, WTF ARE YOU SAYING!!???
Y can't I just get what I want for once??
orange me up jheez
i think it's real cute when daddies can't spend tons of money of trips but can't buy their kids nothing im just saying
Just made it to photoshoot with Kitapubdiva moniquejackson looking forward to another great day.
Working on a friday night
I am up way to early for it to be Thanksgiving break...
Time to start physically building my studio.
jameselhariry just heard the rumours, is it true? I'm excited.
How is is possible to work with someone and not see them for OVER A WEEK?!?
I always sleep through it anyways
justinbieber Brazilian Walnut love you so much you have won a competition with 600 000 votes but to see who was in Brazil but fans s2
So many mixtapes on my Laptop.
Can't wait to catch my peeps on
Get to see my sister next week!
I had an itch that couldn't be scratched since my body was covered with needles.
hopes Virgin Media pull finger out & sort it as testmatchsofa alt live stream is borked for me - its highlights or nowt!
That moment when you get stuck behind the slowest person ever and you're in a hurry.
“heathcunigan UShouldBeHappy if you have a loving parent/parents! Some people aren't quite that lucky!! thankful”
Me and MAYOBASS be so hype ... Even in our txt messages .
Can't decide what college I want to go to....
Rocking my Santa Hat
solid win tonight, looks like its going to be a good season
greysonchance I swear ! I really want to see your concert !!! But I can't :'(
don't even bother texting cause my thing is a piece of crap
So many people call my house for my brother.. AND HE DOESNT EVEN LIVE WITH ME.
baby nd toddlers have amazing imagination nd faith
I hate when people stunt on plans..
Wuff is drunk, im not sure i like it
It's sad watching the steeziest skateboarders quitting and falling into drugs.
Damn my girl leaving Iraq before me smh...
Room smells of fake tan cause of me legs
Hair next week tattoo the following! excited :)
Words cannot describe how much I love work. The customers, the people I work with, the atmosphere is just perfect!!
When I see someone playing brickbreaker on their blackberry, I feel so bad that I tear up and give them Apple gift cards
I can never sleep considering I take a three hour nap everyday after school.
Skips may be the best crisps ever
Ew, octopuses are so ugly and nasty. They look nothing like my emoji .
quit being negative all the time
2 more weeks at home maybe 1
Today I divorced LaToyaHurley she's tryna get me FAT! Everytime she close a deal, she wanna feed my FAT Shit n Ritas
when tasks too much. Windows jerk! love :P
why do i have mad threads
True Blood isn't on Netflix.
Jaylin said he gone wash my hair since I cut my finger....this nigga love me cuz I shole beat his ass earlier. love lls
-__- I'm stArting to lose intress in yu
I don't even know what to say to you anymore.
The one t-shirt that you forget has the uncomfortable tag that bothers you
Omgg I had suchan AHDH-full last period
I want to wear all my new stuff riiigghhhtt now. But I have to wait until Christmas
There's nothing quite like a hot shower, washed hair, nails cut and painted to end of a miserable day. Reading magazines with tea.
I LOOOVE WHEN I HEAR HIS VOICE!!
justinbieber the god himself on xfactor next week!
Net gedoucht, nu gamen
was told to get my twitter game up
I understand macroeconomic theory, capital budgeting, & the stock market, but I will never understand women
mchristensonn you're a sophomore...you aren't supposed to be beating me at words with friends
Good timing, such good timing
CantWaitToSee the inside of the Broque :D GOING OUT TOMO
CherLloyd  love ur song with ur love LOVE xxxx
mid term rite now
Im'ma die in this Q, These ppl r supa slow
People need to learn how to call back, actually only mr_chapaa does.
The devil told me his name but he's not welcome here anymore.
I'm supposed to be on a plane headed to Vegas right now.... my foot, however, wanted to stay on the couch with ice.
okaaay! she better know how to swim! i'm bloddy telling you now! XD love.
Oh my god just do what YOU wanna do don't worry about what other people say damn
Why I am not Beyonce?
Good dinner with good friends.
Whatching Harry Potter all day. And talking to an amazeing girl
mattpoo I knew u were a slag,helping m+d with final benefits stuff,then sorting me nan out.wish I was at work,more time wi em tho happy x
t_skowrrrrron up unitil 3 and woke up at 8 for me and i feel like im gonna vom lolololol
Nothing but love for argotea but your spinach quiche was not tasty - couldn't stomach more than a few bites!!!
Immensely proud of my u8s today! Was well worth travelling 21hrs home to see them win both games but try different stuff in a game!
i feel like an absolute mink compared to my friends
Thank you Princess of China for being an amazingly wonderful song that I can listen to over and over again! love coldplay
Username or Password incorrect.TELL ME WHICH ONE YOU SON OF A BITCH
Night time beach walks
Fucking scum bags these days
was so tired when i woke up 10 minutes ago that i legitimately thought i was at home and fully expected my dog to be beside me
:( Wish I could've gone to nintas reception
all this ows news has made me very nervous whenever i see a cop.  even a friendly cop in the mall.  i hate that.
That ending was Bullshyt! Haha.
now i play the waiting game.
dwainjD1 i have to type it, print, glue and paste and make a cover. wanna help? haha
Ready to go back home...
Christmas is in two weeks. excited :D
Great job cast with much ado...show over, time to have some berries and
wen love was n da air i tryed to hold my breath but after a while gasped..
Thanking God for blessing me with another year!  He has been so good to me! My starting 5 has blessed me and made me so happy today!
Kanye West - THe Glory np Graduation love !
And thus the Marketing Begins Get2galaxy.
I'm always scared to get a haircut.
bummin in my avi .. lol
Ghettin' tatted next month . (:
Can't actually believe that if we win one more match, we will play at Bramall Lane.
Watching LennyKravitz in graham norton show!!!
Dan_Thorn you went and bought Guinea Pigs!?! AWESOME!!!!
holyfoolamanda I know lol! OMGAGA! My heart is beating fast I can't wait!!!!!
So happy I can barely hold it in!
FrankieCocozza you don't tweet us anymore.
Idk of we'd be tweeting firstworldproblems if it weren't for the bravery of the men and women at pearl harbor
Offline don't unfollow me, i follow everyone back in the morning
Nursing final, then off for a whole month :)
Yayyyy came home to some great news!! I got accepted
Morning after the night before. No hangover, no fear although waddya know the Missus has the hump.
We only know 1/10 of the plan that God has for us. Everything happens for a reason. Be His vessel, let His light shine through you!
justinbieber It's my bday ! Can you please wish it ? Love from france. <3 PROUD 6
Exactly a month from today I'll be living in college station.
TaRaj_PureByuti Omg I got this red velvet cheesecake from the cheescake factory
When my brother and sister cry and scream as if the world just ended<<<<<
1 John 4:8
This a small ass 2 cups....
Not even a full day and i miss every1
I am sooo ready to see my bay today(:
I can't wait to get my flask and pinnacle whipped cream vodka.
DonnieWahlberg gayletweets8 aww Loving that pic, that :)
When I think we can't suck anymore then we already do
3 DAYS LEFT !!!
Looks like Georgia has a set of butterfingers.
Wow a flower can really brighten someone's day  happy :$
Tried so hard but get nowhere.
ramansundar What can we expect from the report? Any Big Changes? Anxious :)
Can't wait till christmas break
asparaguskurus lately there are lots of dragonflies in the afternoon which come along w/the cool breeze.
Boys Like Yu Remind Me Dat I'm LONELY!!!
Thanksgiving in LIC. I'll be live tweeting any and all Bruce Vilanch sightings.
I can't wait for tomorrow get to hangout with him(:
Best friend time with rachelpolhemus. Listening to Jessica read, Rachel painting my toes.
justinbieber I have already tweeted to you about under the mistletoe like a week ago, but it is incredible and your so talented.
Detroit Red Wings for the win. Jimmy Howard is a brick wall
Groomy14 pretty sure last time I asked you to hang you passed?
lovingmeNiTaB lol u and me both...
My Birthday Is Soooo Soooon! Excited! :D
Some broad just told me she thought the wu-tang clan were all Asian
My best friend from Primary skl is about 2 have a baby,like all the teachers said she would lmfao
I don't see the pats going far in the playoffs if Rex grossman is lighting them up
this stupid fucking computer I am typing on.
Vaknade med 17 nya sms! Man känner sig poppis när man är passiv i ett grupp sms
this girl in my class seriously needs to stop randomly blurting out a different song every other second
Tonight I get my baby backkkkkkkkkk!!! excited!
Why do I put up with this?! Oh wait I don't anymore :)
One more night in WACO til home for winter break!!!!
WTF ddlovato had her concert in dallas yesterday and i missed it?
My applesauce cups are 4 oz and the limit is 3 oz.
i wish you'd come right out and tell me exactly how you feel, cause im feeling like youre just playing around.
day_dreamer777 not jus one like 4 em said good night haha
Oh my god.... You not that supreme. So shut the wide hold in you mouth! Its not funny. So shut up
sunday evening fall back flow with the loves of my life.... my BooBoo nd Ace !!!
The Bears are still in the hunt
Maurice Jones-Drew, you let me and my fantasy football team down.
This girls like mad cause I haven't texted her all day,.. Like wtf I'm not ur gf or some shit why tf should I be texting u Smh.
How do you let go of something you so badly want and know you wont get it anywhere else?
love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
Dez HOES over here is stupid!!! Non spelling ass sluts I'm over here lmmfao inside tryna spell
Best weekend in forever
Omg i swear we get a parcel everyday in our house! I always have to open the door
Comm tech with mr.sheehan = doing a whole bunch of nothingg
So many 18ths coming up
Almost 2 hours until my birthday
You know someone Loves you when they support your Happines, Growth and Dreams and never try to keep you down
Oh yeah. Family Guy and shots. By myself. embarrassing.
think im finna take them 90days with
I love how I can never have a true friend anymore.
GIRLS.. God wouldn't give you anything He knew you couldn't handle. So when times get rough, remember you'll get through it.
Wussup with these spam tweets?
TeeMEekZ okay good!! but whenever the time is right ima be
I always have something against someone
Getting ready to watch Chopped.
Oh my. Can't wait to play with my new toy!
Juss makes me wanna VOMIT .. ,
AaliyahHaughton is all i see right now
Oh, Pro Tools, how I love thee...
Hate when im actually early and you're so late
Omg. Asif niall doesnt say one thing in the ok! magazine interview.
SchemDiggityDog love you too schemmy sparta better make room because this futurespartan is bringin one large emotional attachment
My 21st birthday is 3 months away...
danieljseo OH MY GAWSH!!!! :D
Ughh deeze boiz all want ah piece of my pie butt dey don't want tew pay for da sugaR. Hopee I kan find mah prince soon.
Darren Helm > everything else
Think'N a/b the trip to SC last night, it amazes me how even in the hardest times in our lives, people still can't seem to get along
Bought new sweats
Des bitches ran ah 10 on us LOL
Just finished the tape, waiting for it to save then putting it on youtube
MontraeHolland them stars did great today! <3 all of yall!!!
jeffeffinbrown Nickerbockerrr I can always count on the brownies!!
Eating lemon meringue pie, gotta luv Bill Miller!
I hate when amazing things happen to people I hate! totalsratmove
Everyones so bitchy today......
107.5 need to retire, playing the same lame music now. old and
Omg stop bugging me about shit yu already know I'm gonna do. Why do yu feel like yu gotta say it a billion times?!?!
not sure what to think of all this..
Happy Thanksgiving <3 Even if i wanted to I couldnt sum up on twitter or fb of what I'm thankful for ..I'm so blessed & so thankful :)
editing pictures from the photoshoot, and hopefully gonna take more :) it's GORGEOUS today!
Twinkles is sold out though until February:'(
wahhhhhhhhhhh:( MeredithGlick i don't like this one bit:(
And once again the laptop has decided to play up
& on top of it all I forgot my tv :(
Why would this boy call me at this time like i dont freaking sleep
Are you ready for felixcartal ?(;  few more hours! so Excited !(:
gkb182x was right. there are no such thing as petite lap giraffes.
Got everything cleaned and washed. I'll pack tomorrow and be ready to go Wed afternoon!
Just brought my baby girl home from da hospital
ready to shoot myself
Getting my hair cut for the first time in 2 years..
I love my lifee.
Slept in until 6:45 AND it's sunny AND I have Starbucks ...
I know its only a 5 day break but it is much needed
It's a little to late to be apologizing to me the damage is done, People never change and if they do its only for the worst.
*cuts cap 4u*RT LeAnBaLdKiD: Wow! By this tym?? *bows in respect*RT preetyslim: Just finished eatin rice nd goatmeat wit maltinabliss*
Needs someone to text
Congratz to GlobalFC_PHL esp. to our dear ItsPaoloPascual 3rd place
Np Glenzito House Avenue vol 5 nigga's compilations are pure
Hmm. Let's see how this one works out. 5 pages of my paper left to write, and my hardest final yet to study for.
Smoking a zillion rollies waiting for this man to call
Family, friends, food, America's Team, my dog, my degree, and my job.
Getting lost in the things that we LOVE... ;-)
I've never seen so many 'adults' swearing in front of their children and behaving like general scumbags in the same place before
i remember the times we had together
Google voice is giving me headaches...how can you offer a good product and then don't have it when someone comes to collect...
Tomorrow wtt in Detroit!
oh and back to my lovely 5:00 wake up call to go to the gym for tws
There are not enough decent names to name all my teddies!
They took my child but that can't take my spirt and soul
I'm in such a bad mood that even my Christmas lights can't fix it.
Sooooo..... The rest of the week is going to be pretty lonely for me, hmmm I guess I'll do some homework.
Why do I have to have anger issues?
today was a good day
as much as life is hectic right now, i'm still so thankful.
I hate to say this, but try to see Sidney Crosby play soon (if he even plays). His career is likely close to over
Hardly slept at all!
Talking to my parents about college...so
today's gonna be a good day :)
So on the program today: getting up, supermarket visit. Cooking up some lunch for some friends. Drinking beers and listening to tunes.
Wrong H word. . .He made me Hard not Happy lol FirstClass_Ken
Got a Santa hat for tonight, getting into the Christmas spirit
Oh and college professors most always suck, simply because they can do w.e they want
Just finished my online final and it did not tell me my grade
Can't sleep! Should have never went 2 bed that early!
my night light officially broke...
tfields23 twitter is keeping me more updated than you
I deleted my Winterlicious pic off Facebook /: too many family commenting and hating on what I was wearing :/
oh.my.god. just watched onedirection on CIN. They look so confident & professional & famous now but still very much down to earth.
I love hearing our song. Makes me so HAPPY :)
Just wanna go home.
That test was hard
Going to school by myself tomorrow. That thought simply kills me. If I complain, everybody will be like you chose ngee Ann!!
I'm surrounded by some of the most awesome people on a regular basis.
TaylorrSummer's last chapel EVER
My cousins life was taken at 29. Proof that life is 2 short. I wish I cld have jus 1 conversation with him.
Sitting on the couch talking to family, weddings, Pinterest, cameras, pasta salad, bubbles, and perfume.
HannahxFrank just took the spanish oral, not as bad as I thought! Buttt I just realized that I will never see you again depressing :(
Looking At Some Concert Tickets (:
settling down with Rev after my three day weekend.
What am i going to do after soccer? Track??
hate when my team loses.
Okay so this woman killed her baby cause he wouldn't stop crying and go to sleep?  Smh !
CAN'T WAIT TO GET AWAY .. ATLANTIC CITY IN 12 DAYS!!!! : )
My told me not to make plans on the 29th cuz I'm busy hmmm ;)
My friend preemieRN saves babies lives and lost over 100 pounds!! She's more than amazing!!
Filipinos all up in my news feed
“Dr3JT Happy thanksgivin 2 da crew, my sisters, my niggas, my southport fam I fucks wit yaw thankful”
and you wonder why nobody likes you.
He called me pretty today(:
therealpamiie christinatrot seriously143.   I Miss you. Guys.
Ugh im going to sleep that hurt my feelings
Hot as shower. Feeling awesome. Now watching above the rim. iLEAD_soFOLLOW gotta love her.
Shopping in Nashville for a much needed girls day
I hate the feeling of water in your ear after you take a shower ! frustrated /:
So far, what I had predicted Tom's reaction to Dougie's departure would be turned out to be accurate =')
I love oscar gutierrez <3 '  LOVE ^.<3
yummylopez katrinalopez You must be Dumb if  tomorrow is 11/11/11 Snow whIte and the huntsman Haha :D P11 remindme Happy 11/11/11
Enjoying the fact that the bunk is practically empty. Now if a few choice others would leave too
$50,000 is definitely not enough money to have cow hearts in my mouth and be covered in cow blood...
Onewoppaily Yes...hehe...im going to turkey tonight :D
I have been waiting for this day for a year and a half . ! excited .
men. ugh! that's how i feel about that.
Little things go along way
Apparently thee entire city of Columbus wanted Starbucks tonight. Maybe you should come too.
Ready to come home.
I carry the Name of the King of Kings -- Jesus! What a privilege!
Can't wait to go home nxt sat!!!
5:00 is approaching both really fast and really slow.
Girls who make the first move <3. :)
Will genuinely be lost without Made In Chelsea in my life after tonight...
twytosick03 we are toooooo bad ass fact nothing can split our
Been on cheaptickets trying to get my papas flight!
I want a CODY SIMPSON DOLL. Haha.. 14 yeard old and still love dolls. CodySimpson
Better be asleep...  I shall wake up early tomorrow!!!  At 7??? Yeah! Damn rite for present hunting!!!
Carpulling is great for gas but I hate it when the person you carpool with is always late
MyCrazyAss no i have no clue where him or FuKK_Bush is.
Loud Christmas songs while doing the cleaning.
Car shopping does my head in
Some ppl don't have a nice warm bed 2 sleep inn.
I hubby sent me the sweetest text!
Honestly this bitches behind me in English need to shut the fuck up and talk about giving birth later
Hot Grand Square bread and stew with a large cup of hot chocolate (or Milo as Maddy will say)...
just came home, christmas dinner was fun!! have a beautiful day or a good night everyone! xo love U!
Lunch with family visiting from new jersey
Then she smiled and all my problems vapourised..... love#
Good Morning people!!! Let's make the impossible happen today!
I can't wait til I can get to the point where I can be happy wen my family and friends die in the lord
just realised I need to leave in half an hour and I'm still in my pjs,
Can't wait to see da hubby tip new tv show
Here's to a safe treatment today!! pray forme
this rain is making me more
and we're finally back to presenting the news
theres those times when you look at your life and think what went wrong ... this is one of them .... not feeling happy at all :(
honestly can't wait for the game on Friday!
I haven't gotten one word from her all day, and now I'm going to bed. 
Steel Magnolia concert!! excited :D
Whoever was eating an orange while on the stair climber, I can't stand you and I'm NOT cleaning up after you.
She so ghetto and don't even know it
`I Be Extremely Annoy By These Wanna-be Asx Gangsta Nd Thuggs Get Dhaa Hell Outta Here Yu Still Got Titty Milk On Yo Breath Wdf
Took the kids to Santa's grotto at Smith & Caughey's 2day. 1.5 hrs in line for 1 ($20) photo with Santa to which kids freaked out at.
I hate how everyone makes my cousin out to be the skinny beautiful one.
norjie I hope they said yes. Cause musically, you put me to SHAME, smh. SAD lol
I didn't nap today
Updating my iPod is the most relaxing thing.
Reworking the flow of a course that was *almost* finished before the stakeholder modified the audience and content. Grr.
Why does my twitter randomly unfollow people?!
I actually undertstood chemistry today (:
Welcome home ME-1! 3 days of filming ahead and I couldn't be having a better week!
voglio il dvd di Lara Jade VS Joey L
Looking back to where and how I was a year ago and seeing where and who I am now, I can say God is good.
Had the most lovely day, and one of the nicest nights.
All Said & Done ii Guess...
Please do not sit in my office and pick the scabs on your arm!!!!
The Hunger Artist was actually really good
readmy_PAIGE and prettyWHITE_lie yall wanna go tomorrow I will pay lol treat on bog bro
The end is just around the corner!
I soo messes up! Everyone turned but I didn't.
Just cuz theres a check in on facebook doesnt mean you have to check in every fucking time you go somewhere different
I seriously hate procrastinators. I have to listen to my parents yell at me for things I have no control over.
I can't believe it's Thanksgiving week!
You are relentless, oblivious, and impossible
Makes me think, what am I missing? why is it that I can never be like that? What am I doing wrong all the time?
when people ask other people to mail or text them over facebook
With sierramichelle_  & MakaylaBailey17 (: I love them . <3 Happy!
Why is it my heart always flutters when I see him online?
Such a bad mood.
PerezHilton - What happened to you not acting so snarky all the time?  I see your old snarky ways starting up again
this math is going to be the death of me
why clap every time someone bowls!
Spending Christmas in Nashville...
When cute guys are bad guys.
FEEL the LOVE. LOVE the
First day at waterstones today
1000th tweet - taking the wife & daughter to Cribbs Kitchen - good food & wine & a great night.
After almost 5 weeks my grandpa is finally out of the hospital :) yayay
mackenzielynnb theawkwardmomentwhen you know too many boys to count and none of them can sing.....
Drinking on my bro in laws tab
omg i feel like im bout to cry . my feels are really hurt ; i cant believe wat jus happened ? :/
Why isn't today a half day?
someone in my car has skunk breath
First plane ride with the basketball team  on Monday
11/11/11 11:11:11 Happy Palindrome Day! Happy Veterans Day! Happy Friday!
I'm gonna be something, someday. But even if I have what I want... will I have what I need?
can't go a day without seeing a ambulance ..
I hate when you're on the last page of your essay and you have no idea what to say anymore.... >..<
Don't talk shit if you don't know what's up
You just don't get it do you?
I Use To Cry At Night Hold My Pillow Tight Awake At Night I'm Thru With Love!
Siri would be a great girlfriend. She's always there for you, knows her stuff, has a perfect memory, and never talks back to you.
Yep I'm sick of your bullshit
I like texting people who actually text real conversations, and not just k, yup, yeah, k, i know, yeah, cool, lol....
It was a good night with my mom and sister :)
I'm thinking about calling him. He asked me too (: lolz
ohh okay that's cool?
wow, that was very much Bill -.-
So what's up with this new twitter? -_-
xfactor R. Kelly=even more epic
aliciagorey The Saints don't know how lucky they are!
aallarie your snackage should still be better...
Going be great to get a break from work for awhile
two days till im home for thanksgiving..ready for some real food
RijaSays Wah bibi,you showed balls B) Proud :P
My 11:11 wish from yesterday has yet to come true.
But she didn't. Thats love <3
Blasting Christmas music.. CAUSE ITS CHRISTMAS!
SamKiidby yeah it is but we all knoe how it ends(:
I want to make Christmas costumes for practically every day of December.
thatboyhaikal I love you Liam. He said my name! Will you marry me?
Does anyone know when NYCPride parade will be?
80 days till Vegas!
When I saw your eyes and face. I ...
Tomorrow should be good :)
Sat watch the news while waiting for people
LOL @ when people quote Shakespeare and say they wrote it....
people who sing constantly
I'm finally get a
gimm3thatbeckay Awww I miss you too my love. Sunday cheer bows get
Now on twitter katbrogden Steptastic3 JohnExley PhilExley KraigAdams JessBrauns ! You're dreams have come true.
Idk y thes negative thoughts r goin through my head but they need 2 stop
I only have 1 more day of work before my vacation starts. Never mind it will be the most important day of my job so far....
As it turns out, Hugo won't be playing at any theater on Prince Edward Island, so I guess I'll just be seeing The Muppets this weekend
'Inside' is receiving great reviews!
getting my hair cut today
Asian girl sat next to me speaking in the HIGHEST mouse voice. Wondering how me punching her in her vocal chords would go down.
life is unexpected so hold on to the ones you love..
jessicajarrell I hope you liked Paris! Anyway, Paris loved Jessica. # JARRELLRANGER. Thanks to all your team, you were great! love.
God has put something in my heart that I just can't shake off...I'm ready to move into the next stage of my life/my career!
thank god for itv player so i can catch up with a night with justin bieber
Just after starting to read The Dubs The Road to Sam Maguire and I'm glued to it   
Heading to Danville,VA next Thursday & Friday for round 2 of the interviews, meeting the staff, and checking out the area.
DionLimWCNC I live too far to make it down there by noon :(
0classicbeauty0 what's the bday moves??? I need an update Lol!
velaofficial iamchrispurcell we got a serious decorations haulage earlier.
hate when I know I have something to do on a certain date but can't think of what it is..
Cherry Chocolate Chunk Blizzards are actually kinda tasty.
Colleen_Shipley i love you too! happy!
Everything i love is just fading away
Never thought you'd be so selfish.
Srh_kthryn19 hahaha NO im an
Can't wait for Christmas!
Making dinner for GillyGETSILLY17 KyleBlackwell11 J_RIZZLE_42 and Kim :) then watching a Christmas story and eating cookies!
Feel so sick.. Will be Glad when this mornings out the way so I can go shopping
GM tweethearts! Counting my blessings this morning. Thanking Jesus for waking me up &giving me another beautiful day of life!
Ppl chomp to loud
AimeeShawyer wrapped all my presents I have too wooo
Just noticed that my shoes squeak when I walk!
I want to spend forever in your arms.
Looking up at the twin galleries of my old home and thinking of some of the times spent there...
Broadley family victorious 15-6 at 5-a-side fooy tonight.  My arms feel like led. happy sleep bedtime.
Can we fast forward the next 2 days so my babies can come home already????!?!!?!??!
off to my BoltonUni interview tomorrow :/
Omg this fucking doctor needs to stop telling me her life stories
wideawakenow because I kept getting pocket dials that keep waking me up .. So much for going to bed early ..
i think i juz threw up a little in my mouth
“EA_SHAWTY “SintanaMochaMom I send my condolences to           Fatz & his fam sad””
I hate when people act sketch.
Thanks for staying up and talkIng to me like you said you would.
It's time....CHRISTMAS MUSIC! Move over Black Friday, THIS is the event of the year.
I heard my mums boyfriend playing what you know by twodoorcinemaclub and i made me so happy!
- Thank God it's Friday, because the weekend has landed and it's time to forget about work and tear it up!
My cousin came back from Arizona with her new baby child! :D happy: My cousin came back from Arizona with her new baby child! :D
Really wish I could focus.
I cannot wait to see brianlogandales and the_summer_set January 21st! It will be AWESOME!
Ughhhhhh long day at work
Lucky the baby started crying
People who do stuff just because they know its gonna piss you off.
Finally know what tattoo i wana get, start saving up
If two people are meant to be together, eventually they will find their way back.
can't wit to pig out today, so happpy
Cannot wait for the Christmas party tomorrow 
Busy first week at work but finally got to listen to my mp3 of GabbyBernstein en*theos workshop I so needed it! thankful spiritjunkie<3
Early morning plane rides
the only saving grace in this Music History all nighter is when Dido's Lament pops up in the Listening Practice.
_Antrania that, right there, is big time.. SWAG! lmfaooo
sit back and laugh
FRANK OCEAN ohhhh Frank Ocean
One door closes, another one opens...
I haven't been able to sleep naked all week
I hate it when people kill the Jemi Hope, Just let us Jemi fans be hopeful in peace, I mean JEEZ!!!
cant decide if im more excited for Tastys or to see my best friends
Suddenly I feel emotional..I really wanna thank God..for great blessing I have..
God is good. The fact tht God layed it on her   to ask me & she coulda have ask any of the other 5 ppl tht walked n w. me
When he picks you up.<3
Just got home from office! And is having a nice feeling bec 2 resolutions left for liquidation! Thanks for the prayers markMelgo!
U can pretty much put on a meat suit/dress... Get gagad up..and play at Yosemite park with the bears
Its sad how bad i cant wait to be home again
Wishing my cousin would take his UGLY friends home
Good morning, had alot of fun with my family, I always feel the
If you have a minute why don't we go talk about it somewhere only we know
I've already seen this episode of pawn stars.  depressed.
Whoever isn't at Christmas dance, holler at ya boy! haha
sorted the folksy problem, didn't like me having free shipping, so I've had to drop the price and put a £1.00 on shipping
gettingg to all the placess i waant to be step by step proud :)
Everyone talks shit, but no one will say it too your face!
I miss living that cali life . No stress or bullshit just that straight chill vibe .
I feel like my breath has been takin away. I wonder if this will happen.
LOooverby how the hell do I get your twitter off my damn phone I've been getting your notifications all day?! annoying -____-
Sitting next to someone on the bus that has serious BO problems!! disgusting.
I can leave my phone for hours and not worry about missing a text
1 week and 2days until I'm in the Bahamas!!!
Gonna watch a movie! I really wish this stupid sore throat would go away!
When I feel like this... What am I supposed to do..
Final Artwork check and then off to the printers to prepare everything for Monday's press pass, IF we make the 100!
Woke up in the middle of the night. Couldn't sleep anymore. Tried to find something to do, and got bored, so I fell asleep again.
Glad mom is finally home!
Can't wait until tonight!!!!!!!
So fried fish fries and what else?
En 3 meses tendré 19 años!!
Soo i randomly have phlegm in my throat and it wont clear..
DalyLovesLife Hell yes ! *_* I discovered a TVD fan !
Wow they better find my damn check .
i thought i could go Super Sayian one time and i tried...but i just farted.. 0_o Embarrassed lol
Got a callback...hopefully that's a good thing
Went to balticmill today for a networking event and spilled coffee right near the turnerprize entrance!
Had a Great birthday thanks to my friends, family, and my wonderful boyfriend dalton_d3!
FaceTime with my girl JordanMBradley is the best way to end my night.
Some people just don't know how to take a hint.
About to start the Social Media course from QuirkEducation!
U know you're in love when u stare at eachother for about five minutes and there's nothn awkward about it. :}
Charge been on point all week too proud (:
Everyone at MozFashionWeek must keep an eye out for KillerCouture who will be showcasing tomorrow
some people's facebook statuses are so damn
That moment when you basically realize you're looking at clothes online for no reason cause you know you don't get paid for 2 weeks
Supercrazy day today. Spent so much time for college. Really tired now. But happy! :)
hates not being able to fall asleep
I told my brother years ago women are trifling... He told me yesterday he finally understands and sees it now... I'm
Adele & hot chocolate <3
late night heyarnold <3 someone talk to me :*
Thank you jackranallo !!!!!!!
Last day of school before X-mas tomorrow <3 happiness <3
the weekend is near! working, shopping, Date night!
pizza in the oven \m/
Cowboys stadium later with Reilly and Cadie! firsttime excited mansfieldplayoffs :)
I guess my bayou boo was 4real...he ain't text or call me..
my baby back at hme :)
Only a week till Christmas im so excited it unreal.
Be Who You Miraculously Are. You are Magnificent ~ Lori Moreno
i miss my big brotherrr
I don't want to watch a movie WITH you while explaining the movie TO you
7yrs ago today I married hackneycabbie wearing a dress sz 24! Today bought marksandspencer shorts age15! Gotta love SlimmingWorld x
Annoyed that most of my grades are still not posted.
I LOVE Drakes new album.
«StopaAshley Ughhhhh life's not fair. annoyed»
Man how do yu change ya damn user/display name
Played lie shit realisticly lost by 10 cause we had to gamble good game north
New it was a bad idea
WIGGYoftheMWS dude do you see these tweets from you know who? depressed / pissed hahaha
atleast one chick on my TL tweets that they want to cuddle EVERY night
Eff school, what's the point anyways?
It's 1 1/2 months till Christmas and I've already been listening to Xmas music for over a week.
On my way to sizzler
when your not feeling good and your boyfriend comes over to watch harry potter & cuddle <3
Still at work :l got the next 3 days off
Official: we're waiting for another baby! (and it's more advanced than we thought!) - lot of changes ahead
one more day!!! I think I can handle it!:)
Finally watching Coming to America - feet up, remote down and muffins in the oven
dontyouloveitwhen you figure out that you have an unopened tin of popcorn. (:
As we reflect on this past year at our organization, we want to thank our board members for their support and hard work!
I have nights like these way too often
His tender mercies are new everyday.
This time all last week I would have been sitting by the pool... Now I'm wrapped up to the ears!
paaigeejonees I'm gonna gamble and say mark wright is a doosh. This comment is gonna make or break this convo
Some u pretty bishes be breaking y'all necks to get in these rappers videos! How much u got paid...uuuhhh a nut! Bish dats all u worth!
Whooooooo ALWAYS LEAVES THE PRINTER EMPTY OF PAAAAAAAAPPPPEEERRRRRRR!!!! WHO??????
This day. Cannot possibly. Get any worse.
I am spending my day attempting to get through as many stunning concept albums as possible
My boyfriend is a beast @ school!
lonelyplanet happy travel memories walking along the Great Wall of China then tobogganing down after!
jenneustace20 ahh passin up a chance to watch a game o puck at the barn?
It makes me really sad when I think about all the memories that are no longer existant to my grandma
Had a huge Cinnabon cinnamon roll on the table, leave for two seconds and it magically in the trash
getting a suprise tonight
Thanks to the person who doesn't know which way to attach their gate as I was not paying attention and walked into it.
I swear I didn't do ish today at work and time is actually going pretty fast...
Last year i was 5'3 and now im 5 ? happy :)
much needed night ahead of me
Soo I just cleaned my whole sweet by myself
The smell of a camp fire on a cold fall night makes me
justinbieber That's sooo cute! I love it! You guys are soo talented!
Favorite thing to do hmmm making people smile :D
In the LawofLove, LoL, we have to learn to laugh anything off because laughter, that makes us cry, is ultimately the most cleansing LOVE.
Hubby will be bac in NC today
didnt have to present
no phone, if you need to reach me you may do so telepathically.
think its time for a hair cut.
polarexpress got enjoy it.
Time to wrap up in my 2 blanket cocoon & go to sleep(:
I love December. Xmas parties a-go-go, xmas crafts, xmas gifts, family time and this year I've booked tea with Santa for the boys excited!
without the internet, my homework would never get done.
Cheer practice was seriously blood sweat and tears, but it was a VERY good practice got alot done!
I'm seriously going to do bad on these exams tomorrow.
Money! It's a gas, grab that cash with both hands and make a stash.
Went from mad to sad with juss one text that i was waitingg on .
Fell up the stairs again...
jennajameson may you and family have a wonderful fulfilling Thanksgiving!!!
BACKinHIGHSCHOOL i never told anyone i sucked dick now i scream it LOUD &
can't wait to see my favorite cadet _thatWHITEboy__ Saturday!!
I've owned TWO Harry potter DVD sets... And thanks to people borrowing them and not giving them back, I have zero.
I Love My Mother Like Crazy
Need a girl in my life
Can't believe lamar odom is going to be traded to Dallas. Best sixth man last year
Mi tell yuh enuh mon....sad...
People who tweet/facebook status what happenes every minuite of there life.
so much for an early night
I've received one text today....
Make-up removed, hair tied..
Morgen weer lekker naar school
Plane has wifi so I'll be online in a bit!
Just played Temple Run, not as great as everyone makes it out to be
That depressing moment when you finished all your ice cream.
Friend ko si Cody Simpson sa Youtube. OMG. LOVE <3
What a day. Closed it out with some lads from Edinburgh dreaming about movements on the Holy Spirit. Rich day.
sandelphoto speedyclax I have seen all the movies.
Just found out my great uncle was the longest serving soldier in the british army. Fought in both world wars. proud.
Dats my mf'n show! “TruuLEE_Blessed OMG Mobwives comin back Monday...Excited”
Time to start Dexter.
kelsiepayton who does that anymore?
AlyssaMarcello girls that I don't like.
Thank you to all men and women fighting for us and everyone who's fought for our country before
only two more days until Ladi Dadi (Part II)!!! steveaoki
Being home alone all night makes me never wanna have to live by myself
PeeBramy umm noticed I'm not in your bio...
MadalynJordan diannaagron I can't believe it.  The one thing you want for Christmas.
jjvillaescusa return the favor pls
okay ! i gonna go now ! bye guys !!!! i'll tweet to you guys later.
How did I manage to let time slip from my hands?
why do my fucking hands always shake?
Tweet 200 goes out to my boy yant_yoddard for being such a bro.
So I just seen that crazy bish that said she was pregnant for me but the test said YOU ARE NOT THE FATHER!! Yea I'm in BMW hoe
Christmas songs on the radio!
Productive day at work, now the pub with my dad, yey!
Why do people beg for 'celebrity tweets' surely its more satisfying recieving a tweet without begging for it
Got my grade report, definitely met all degree requirements. I'm finally FREE! No more formal education for the rest of my life!
So what it's Monday, I'm Alive!!
im tired of coming home with terrible headaches
I love that 1987RudeboiKing always reply to his fans. That's LOVE.
I'm at Fridays, Fridays. I'm eating a steak at Fridays. :)
EllieStanesby56 :O What happened to today's and yesterday's Google Doodle?!
When the musics over we shall rage doorsstillgottit ripmorrison InMVHoc
I'm tired of living with boys who eat all of the newly bought good food that I love in one day.
k srsly tho, why is facebook like a porno site now?sign in & see a black guy suckin his own dick & some naked chick
I swear some people just put that awkwardmomentwhen just so they have something to hashtag..not awkward...in reality its
Gabe_Poulin. I can't believe the things people do
getting physically ill thinking about thursday morning
Can't believe its this close to Christmas!
Running downstairs to get a drink and making it back up for the adverts finishing
Harry_Styles is such a cutey,
KushBlowinn_x Nickie_93 I'm glad I got mines out the way
That awesome feeling you get after you fill up your car
Thanksgiving with the boyfriend!
I find it EXTREMELY stupid that I have practice tomorrow and were gonna have tryouts and new people are joining the team anyway
I love getting to sleep in
JesseCayexo omg i didn't know puerto_ricaaaaa is gonna be there
I've hiccuped all the way from west end to old street
Sleep, The only thing that Takes my mind off of everything that is going on.
I just wanna be done Christmas shopping already
Apparently I'm going to the HotChelleRae concert tonight in Cleveland and I'm okay with that. lastminutetickets excited nashoverstreet
Can't believe the coffee machine broke just before I got my gingerbread latte
First day back at work after two weeks of holidays.
And yesterday my little sister woke up to my girl, Joni Mitchell.
2 Broke Girls \m/ sayang gichange ang channel :( annoying!
Watching this law and order episode makes me not want to eat meat
Brittnich4 ballin like usual.
had an amazinggg nightt (:
So happy to have my parents and nephew here to celebrate our first Thanksgiving in Phx!
That's a perfect example that at anytime, anyone could be gone.
Wish my voice didn't sound like a girls when recorded.
Twitter just tricked me into thinking markhoppus and travisbarker were following me,
Hope I can make it out alive
I think I found a new fave song final goodbye..by rihanna
Re-tweet this so i can get more followers please :)
I think I'm goin to be sick
We're getting our new puppy tonight!
Texting someone to see what they're doing and they reply 2 hours later.. Idc now, I wanted to know 2 hours ago
art needs to be completed for tomorrow.. as if that's going to happen! can't even wait to face the wrath of miss moody..
BrianMcLaurin yur my happiness
MISSED THE HABS VS. PENS GAME!!!
Thank you lord for waking me up and allowing me to see the day of Friday November 18th 2011...
Meat missiles all up in here Wubs61 leftySmith9 samstutz20 tootallforyou66
Thank the lord, love my friends
Turkey in the oven? Check. Eating pants on? Check. Pillow laid out for food-coma afterwards? Check
Ugh!!! I keep thinking my phone's vibrating in my pocket but it isn't!
Youu nvr see it coming youu just to see it go
Time for another day of gluttony.
matt_shoreditch Thanks - on the list etc... just couldn't get in initially and then had trouble with confirmation.
megspptc I hope things get better ...
When people say things just to piss you off.
asia and drena better go to sleep they gotta get up at 4:00 , Sad !
franciineee Yaaaaaaaaaaaay! Omfg, this year started off with an amazing volleyball season for us Sr. Girl's. EVERYONE sohould come!!
There's always going to be those awkward moments when you walk past someone & remember the times you once had with them. disappointing:/
Good night with Ashley and Emma! :)
OMFG.....!! Im sooo ready to get outta this fuck'n hell hole....!! annoyed...!
I woke up hype thinking tomorrow was Thanksgiving!...
when im around u its like a never ending
Off to go meet mah boi RobTheMoose to go see some live local bands, should be a right giggle :)
Yesterday, I missed my bag - with my passport inside it - in a Taxi...
HaloBandit I'm glad you did it right away, and yeah, more girls should be forward! She sounds like she likes you too!
May the weekend begin
New obsession: yoga pants.
I got pictures of a lot of my followers from long ago LMAO
I hope my parents are getting me the things my brother told me they are!
Working on finalizing Triptque the Master version from Odé a Isadora.
Momma, grandma, & aunts in the kitchen workin up a storm its nice to see all of my family together as one
Watching a Christmas film with my mum :)
Spent so much money these past 2 months and still not bought christmas presents
NilsHemmingsson är vi flera så är jag på. Annars har jag redan förlorat. sad..
Waiting for james_t_holland to bring my present from jadey_1986 excited lol
ClarkLydon 15 grand all in all, get coins for games before!
tipmagragaz Thanks for the Follow!! its nice to see someone digging in the dirt and showing anyone who's interested what's going on!!
sick of trying for something that i can tell isn't even gonna happen.
Krijg nieuwe tv van papa Love!
Little Mix - the first ever group... AND girl group to win the X Factor.
KaylaHieston just annoying when your not in it but you have to hear about it.
I cry :'( because justinbieber doesnt follow me depressed :'(
One word texters can go die in a freakin hole!
One of the reasons that I hate facebook is because of all of the girls that post stupid pictures of themselves 5 times a day.
It doesnt matter where in the world you be as long as your with the right people Love my friends that are my family away from home
Slipin nd then Being woken up wen ur dream gets nicer!
You Sell Your Man Out, Not Even You Girl Is Sacred
why is there always a wreck on foothill?
I've missed 11:11 the past three nights
There is always a reason to smile.
Seeing an old face this afternoon
I once hugged a random stranger. That made both our days
real glad the GeordieShore_ lot are back on twitter :D GazGShore GregGShore CharlotteGShore etc, yayyyyyy
I'm so sick of the word swag just cause you said all the damn time doesn't mean you have any!
kinkhoest rules my life these days... Hopen dat t vanzelf overgaat, voor nu de week weer effe doorknallen
Wait , he liked my thing on Facebook O.o surprising .
“SportsCenter: Breaking News: Sources: Big East will add Boise State, San Diego State, SMU, Central Florida and Houston” >
ThankfulMamaX9 Thank you!  So many opportunities to love someone today! Have a blessed day!
I think it's funny when people type a facebook status about things they have no interest in just to appeal to non existent people
Can't wait to get my license & car...January 29th is that day
1st Supreme court ruling is a backpass!!
Uhhh never thought I'd miss school:p I take that back I miss friends!! Who are at school.
I got a trim on my hair nearly 2 weeks ago, and it already has split ends / died.
KingsleyBieber I laughed at first but then was like omg there is mud all over me and it looks like i shit my pants -.-
We are off to the Central Saint Martin's launch party tonight - we will tell you all about it on Monday!
Volleyball banquet tomorrow! Got a cute, sparkly dress! (: excited :D
I dont like immature people
On my way to practiicceeee (: excited!
Just called ALP to request a membership form...and it was outside operating hours...now I have to wait til monday
Awesome catch up with the family in the city with a nice family dinner and walk  one big happy family
MailOnline That has to be the most risible tweet I've seen in ages
lmao , smh over the intercom right now they just told this girl that her uncle was on his way to pick her up .
Great company :D thnk u xx
On the bright side my mommy is coming to see me today !
Doing this freaking risk management training is RIDICULOUS. I don't. drink. alcohol.
Ready for he break have plans.
so close to 1000 tweets
tiesto I know lost my luggage and my hard drive with your tunes on it depressed!
Fuck off fire alarm I haven't even had my coffee yet
Evening in. Movies, bath, relaxing are on the agenda.
oomf always talkin' shit ! This bitch wouldn't bust a fuckin' grape ! Shut the fuck up with your hating ass !
I wanna kick his ball and get the shit out from him. zzzzz
Every relationship reaches a point where we just sit at home on computer and playing on our Iphones ignoring each other milkman0309
I've been gone for only like three hours and I miss my mom!
SmashliBlade .. yeah I did. I still don't know what's happening though.
Anonymous with audgepodge_1 tomorrow! excited loveher!
My internet is a little bitch and likes to disconnect when ever it feels like it.
Waiting on the state parly results
Moutain dew you are a disgrace to caffeinated beverages!!
You have changed the way I look at you forever . I will no longer care for you .
ChristineWhitty All little cups from starbucks are created equal & just as beautiful in eyes of holder.
BriSmitty11 she's probably still sleeping.....
CREATIVEEPIDEMC i appreciate it man love &
I haven't been to a library in so long that I had to ask where to check out books
Roads are soo bad! Never seen so many wrecks in one day.. Hopefully we make it home  
Waiing to get my resultsfrom the blood work....
abbeybeth48 uuuuuh why can't I retweet this?
NO_LAY flow is hot like fire!
I need to go to sleep at a decent hour tonight.  School tomorrow!
No store has my boots
I always end up in the worst mokds for no reason...
i love your new icone!! is so cute!! MERRYCHISTMAS ;) codysimpson
HBD MisMetalcushion !!! Wishing you long life & prosperity dear .. Hav a blast
This isn't Memphis basketball at all. embarrassing.
Tyler's watching the game with a beer and I'm in the kitchen
Getting my hair cut.
Is it game time yet?
Deb, I can't lie on my resume....
All I want when I come home is to be left alone but apparently that concept is to hard for my parents to understand
Going to Universal tomorrow
Amazing how many people are concerned about other's marital issues and her $4M ring.
i hate it when you wake up like 30 minutes before your alarm goes off and you realize you dont have that much longer to sleep! depressing.
House sitting and watching tark tonight
It's not what you look at that matters; it's what you see.~Thoreau
Who's going to christmas lights in barnstaple tonight? excited xx
NickNye3 I miss my bestfriend<|3 ):
uk_blackberry o2 BlackBerryHelp bold 9700 jvm error 517! no access to a computer to try and fix! Is it fixable??
if thts not bad enough,ppl tell me their names, but i always find a better 1 4them, they lose the will & they start 2 respond
wish I had a guy that actually wanted to be with me and love me
maybe you're not as bad as I thought you were.
The only texts I get are my penguin updates
People who tweet their entire life
The movie Jackfrost is so sad
....you had me buy gifts for people, gifts  you already bought for me to give...and they weren't cheap.
One more day then the rest of the week off
I hate girls who upload pictures of themselves and their boyfriends every time they hang out. Seriously, no one cares.
ny2tha iFeelNcredible oh and don't forget stormytaylor & princepreacher YES good times!!!!
Pink_Pingouin est dans ma bio.. Eh oui, cette fille est mon coup de coeur ! love <3
Tonight I've realized how good life is and I need to appreciate everything I have because it won't always be this good.
Kashew_26 we just ordered... That's what they told us
MONDAY!!. Cant wait!! MindlessBhavior gone be on 106andpark AGAIN!!.
Charlie brown does not follow the rules of physics
roxyblows it's weird going to events w/o a date :( ...... Gah :(
Why do I think of so many good ideas in my car but forget all of them as I get out?!
ugh why do people from school follow me:@
Last few mins of bidding on ebay
man whats up with the nba man whats the recent status on this deal
Study study study study study study study study study study/
20FactsAboutMe i would be nowhere if it werent for sierrajordan6
I swear everyone on division goin so sloooooow!!!!!.
i still cant believe that i was sooo damn careless n i lost my blackberry in few secs few days bak. blackberry i miss yu loads.
megan_ast girl I'm about to vent too.
Did class dumb as shit 2:25 need 2 hurry up
I can't wait for the next Alvin and the Chipmunks movie ! :D
novashepherd felesaerius Wait wait, how did a tweet about a gift for my daughter turn into this?
Done so much today! Congrats to Sammi_Sherf  ally_irish  we passed the worlds hardest class ;)
I hate cigarette smoke.
so far everyone likes my purplish blackish hair so that a plus.
I wish I was going to breaking dawn tonight!!! :(
Pintrest isn't working!
Time to account excited APoulas30
2011 = one fucked up year... R.I.P. Yung Don.... R.I.P. Major.... R.I.P. Slim Dunkin.... & alot more...
mini_finn10 scored a 3 on the act cause he spelled his name wrong
My phone is spoiling and I can't help it!! sad :(
Im addicted to ya
“ms_sucka4Love: Tonight I just want to forget.  Where is my blunt and drink. SAD”
4 more days till my bday :)
Dear Taylor Swift shut the hell up. love rachel :)
Had an AWESOME day with SleepyAmir LilSanee ItsAbdu  and LBJizzy Now to chill, relax and watch Star Wars Saga for the weekend :)
What a grate Day Off..
Lunch date with my daddy in a few!
Getting my haircut for boot camp today gunna be short like I use to have it
Me saque 91 en ciencias wuwuw :D
i knw swthrt and honey r jus names bt i rily cant stand t wen we jus met &yu alrdy kolin me that..thea z nthin wrong wit my name
Just thinking about december! I cant wait for all the good thing there is going to happen! love !
TheGroovebox You should also go to The Coffee Jar and try their Butter Pound Cake Bliss :)
Hates being ill :( there goes Liverpool out the picture then!
Sooo your daughter is pregnant by your boyfriend... And ya'll go yo Maury!?
awks when you talk to someone  and they suddenly don't reply ryan_0liver
I need a haircut like now.
Refreshing to start the day by falling flat on your ass in this stupid ice
So far gone was soooo good, what the hell happened to drake
At last I see the light! Gamay antos na lang.
aimeescragg14 Haha!! :D i love snowball fights exciting :) x
Decided to actually wake up and get ready today
So I'm laying down chillin, txtin and I just dropped the phone and it hit my face embarrassing lol
when the girls who wanted you out of their life wont stop doing little things to get you to react & start drama
Almost time for lunch
So what if I didnt do so well on the final,,,,, I'm sure it didnt drop me down to a C.
Please be careful
I hate knowing that tomorrow morning I will be waking up and going to school....
If this lady throw another dish in this sink when she see me doing the dishes .. I'm taking my ass to bed and letting her do them.
I'm nvr gone u jus made ur choice...nvr thought it would b lke dis jus lke dat
mum made the best dinner, only cause we have the plumbs over, but now im full, and I tried not to eat everything :c
glencocolaflare yikes what is she thinking
Sometimes I wish I could just have a different family
Great night on the hill with allisonChelsea
I love late night convos with my babooshka
Buenos Dias mofos ! No work for me today! happy!
Twitter mobile really needs to tell me who retweeted me.
oh my gosh i love my camera so much.
Can't stand when people piss me off for no reason!
I hate not being able to read any comments on the app store apps. It's all spam anymore.
wowwww. gtfo. you're annoying af.
Heading to Echuca for an engagement party got to love,
Leaching free Wi-Fi off the Apple Store, waiting for my parents to come get me and go to Abercrombie and Fitch. :D
&nd yeah I fuckin said it &nd irdgamf who dnt lyke it,,tlk buko shit on twitter bt dnt say shit wen we around each otha!
- my mama not answering da phone unusual
Why doesn't my new twitter account let me @ anyone...
maggieamcguire cassieprice13  you guys need a life
Just fell over on MarySeacole stairs and nearly got blown away in the wind
Why do I get so nervous when I have to talk to people :/
When a bitch put they every move with a nigga on the internet she not used to getting quality time
Dont apologize for something your gonna do again the next day. annoying.
kirstyvstewart The paper type or E-ticket type?
can't believe that little miss  Sarah_Leskowsky is joining Sigma!!! <3 so excited for her!!!!!!
Our very first Christmas tree is almost finished...hardwork but
what a beautiful day, no homework/tests, so ready for break!
There r certain people placed on this earth that know exactly what to say
RIPJORELYS This little girl was brutally rapped and murder! Her family and friends are in my prayers...
aprilprovencher LaurenMeehann whaaatt?! Beef jerky molds?! Guess we learn something new each day. disgusting theregoesmyappetite!
if the song talks to much about bashing women and calling them hoes im quick to change that shit.
BTW..No more respect for Simply_LaQuill game after watching her try to go talk to a dude for an hour!!! I looked up to you...
AmeliaLilyOffic Can't wait to see your performancee! Excited ;D xx
Left class early to avoid violent confrontation with prof. Some people just don't understand the concept of teaching/learning
verooxox yeah isn't it fucken
robbosnr if you tell me that GaryTheDoubleG is your favourite I shall be broken hearted
I'm so happy for opening my heart for simpleplan and I'm so proud to be a fan!
iStoleYoCrayon omg.. I swear i feel thee SAME way.. Thats jx really the sad thing. Like.... Its just
Those people who don't like someone just cause their friend doesn't.
Ethanthomas619x Nahhhhh..but I was creepin. So of course I read it!
wait why does the whole campus smell like bacon.
There's never a right time to say goodbye</3
Lita will be on RAW tonight!!!!!!
sorry for the spam everyone
Speaking loudly into a cell phone about a fight you had with your comadre while sitting in a waiting area!
-ima SUPER K0'ED tired from school how did everyone's day go!! at school or work' :D follow me :D SWAG LOVE ! «5
No work...home with fam..pups cuddled with me...yeahhhhh..I'm not moving
It's been a busy day as usual at the ttmik office today. We're glad we got a lot done today, and we're filming outdoors tomorrow! Excited!
Cable just passed a CBC doc on Luna
Then my Birthday<3. Excited.
hollyhickling text me :L serious chat not needed on twitter!
Thanks Ike leadership for showing your support for Mac! Y'all are awesome! (:
LoveSwift_Biebs Yeah, I always feel like that, lol. &i won't be able to watch Prison Break. :( My sisters doing coursework. :'(
I don't even have to watch the game to know a play by play..
i thought i was the child and you were the adult
Best sister bringing home some waaangs from buffalo :)
I get so excited when I see MacMiller being successful !
Being one point away from a 4.0 really bites
I hate when I'm talking 2 somebody about some important shit and they turn the whole convo about....
wish my science teacher would post my grade
Finna get in the shower and hit the bed good night world!!!
I hate when I can't get warm.
Guys, if your gonna say sweet stuff to a girl, actually mean it
We are college students. After the eighth time not too long ago, WHY ARE WE STILL HAVING FIRE DRILLS?
Cypr_ Hann pas gentil Sad :p
You feel so lucky you find it & so scared it'll go away, at the same time!
I don't think that I have ever read so many news stories about death on the BBC in a day.
I can't wait for Christmas.
Live_4Fashion MINE TOO....oooo but its onnnn!!
No need to stress over the past, because my future is making up for it thankful :-)
His Pride is defly Hurt.. lol
I asked for one favor that's it how hard is it !!! damn I'm not worth just a text message you must really not think that much of me 
I feel happy abt sumtin bt I can't really pinpoint it
I'm soooo happy. omg.
Last day of No Makeup November.
Me and kemet just made wishes. Why nott its 11.11.11 . We had to
when people like their own status' on fb
And so to sleep, perchance to dream about my newest follower vanillaice exciting ;-) lol
didn't i just say i was full.
Can't tell if I have ringing in my ears or it's outside?
Going dress shopping tomorrow
Off to IEP for aspie boy
And I think I actually played okay today!
found my phone, after a day, in the driveway with the back off and the battery out.
Watching manvfood actually makes me feel sick. A 190lb burger.
parents are pissing me off. let it go about the grades seriously.
It may sound odd right now but she is the girl for me and the girl im going to marry when im older :)<3.
Dpmo, who used all the hot water?
that feeling when the person your thinking about just so happen to call or text you
Once upon a time my azz didn't and didn't kno how to use Twitter. Now my azz be up tweeting 7 in the morning. Get it buttbutt!! proud LOL
Challenge day tomorrow anyone?
Hi Twitter. Cannot believe how immature some folk are!
She ran over her man over cause he blew her money on crack
Missing mom thinking about getting my bak piece finished for her put her name n everything
can't wait till rehearsal on monday im ready to do this silent night t-soul style
This woman is really grinding my gears
Chinese cut....HELLLLOOOOO worldexcited#
yunghicks bamfdylan they go on break dec 23rd hurt lmao
Gahhhh I want it to be my bday already
You make yourself look bad !
horizontal afternoon with nflredzone. now vietnamese food and wine.
Some people are so rude and hateful
tlkirk1031 hahaha that's how I study I remember it more when I say it out loud
Jets are looking like a peewee team against the eagles.
not a bad person but don't assume shit b/c you make an Ass out You and Me
I will never understand why people take little kids shopping
She talk too fucking much
frenchi1771 screw you
Seriously people don't send me spam messages...
Morgen 2-7 dan naar Cheyennnexxx
I hurt myself today, to see if I still feel<3 hurt leonalewismusic
I'm going to launch my store AjaNicoleJewelry.com March 2012!
Proud to be an American!
Sitting Back, Thinkn Of All The Memories We Had, Seeing Pictures Of You, Damn, i Miss You ! /:
Going christmas shopping with my mum today,
Andy Dalton repping hard in Cinci!
I love how I'm the scapegoat.
New years eve all booked with the girls.. SarahIJones jennycarlaw NicolaRourke EmmaTillbrook  kate_tompkins and HONNAHH <3  very
Thanks everybody who supports me on my fighting career I appreciate it
Driving the Infiniti today.
turns out insurance has increased since i bought mine. turns out getting a new car may not be a great idea after all
Twitter, why you no refresh? It is December 12th not November 30th D:<
rlindleeey doorbell seen seen, I hope its JayNugg2 ringing it :D, Love you guys together!!!
Just broke my hookah
I wish you were here sad :(
My life is pretty dang good right now :)
just wennt on an unfollowing spree.
one more half-day....then CHRISTMAS BREAK! i simply cannot wait
Miss_amBURR you ready for tonight? better be! I told Ashton you were coming!
DuckTail_ u r gonna love this turkey shadarianholmes was like its good and juicy.
Make up your minddddd!!
okay the after noon starting 8th period should be slow.. but now today should hurry up
Theres nothing like a cold beer after an 11 hour work day
fuck badass guys, i got me a nerrdddd <3
alexisssjade i'm pretty sure you forgot about me
i'm gunna bake christmas tree and santa hat cupcakes for the party on saturday! :)
Last day with he special Olympics
Can't wait till maclain6 comes home tomorrow!
Great outreach effort Petra peeps!  We met a lot of wonderful neighbors with genuine interest.   Love the Christmas season!
got some christmas decorations up,
Today was a good day! I got a bunch accomplished. (:
np look what you've done drake
Today will kill me. Bitch just shut the fuck up!
About to see The Sitter
On my way to georgetown! Im a half hour late cause my dad and brother cant cmget out of bed. Smh :(
lilborrell89 I'd rather not haha. I read through half my texts from last night..
xhalez no one cares about Tosh.0, chill
got my gifts for the family all wrapped.  i think this may be a first I'm done this early!
Why do pictures have to be less than 700K?!
Couple More Answers Nd I'm Done 4 Da Semester!
12:48 am...about to start The Help.
Going to KY for Christmas. Which service should I go to at southeastchrist? Or maybe how many? it will be good to be back
havent taken a bath yet
AMAS in less than an hour !
LindseyStarner depressed now:/...me and chooch are
kitty really likes singing through her nose
OMB i was listening to pandora and justinbieber's song stuck in the moment came on. Havnt heard that in forever.
Jamming to christmas music with my second family
macyshay93 tonight at 7, but its a date. so i dont think i could come see you
Fresh out the shower and now about to watch The Brothers till hubs arrive to see me :)
K lord of the flies, you don't have describe every inch of the island
Adobe illustrator is the worst program ever. It is not intuitive in any way. Ugh.
I love my best friend Rachelkayyyyy and I'm so glad she's going with me to the hair salon Monday!!
Awh i love when random people at school tell me i look pretty, even though i never feel like i do../:
Can these really be the last holiday themed episodes of OLTL ever?
35yr old virgin marries 70yr old woman! What's happing on itvthismorning
Think you got it hard...? Some people got it 2x harder than you and they're not complaining... Thankful.
Lets see how this hair color turns out
Adam Levine and One Republic - Good Life are both trending! <3
I could be painting my nails purp n' yellow without judgement this time of year but instead, I'm relying on college basketball for fun
Gracias mi principe x los regalitos de hoy Te Amo
rioferdy5 we were awful, no width no creativity just wasn't a mufc performance!!
I want that cloud nine
Talking to people you havent talked to in forever makes me
This better be a good weekend...
Princess of China np Coldplay love tagliaferro12 CheyChey2929
Out with the old in with the new i always say
Damn, ive barely touched my phone since Sunday, no social networks either proud lol
At the musical with my mother
why wen i start tweeting yall stop im just being me i wish yall do the same i fuck wit all yall if i dnt i would not be following yall
I hate the way my aunt tlks to NYC dog
So i try so hard to make you happy, to keep you happy with my decisions and actions.., i guess its not enough.
tricia_bodine are you alive baby.
I hate when I stay up late I wake up early but if I fall asleep early I wake up later.
This is really starting to make me mad !  
Mom brought Chipotle home.
michaaxo haven't been tweeted by any celebs yet:(xxx
Just got home from a chill parkour session with VPK. Tired, cold, aching, but mostly
Cannot understand why bus companies cannot understand their own system!
Only have to get through 2 classes, 1 free, liturgy & lunch then I get to spend time with my babeh.
My god man, why do the cowboys do this crap. It seriously just irritates me lol
Such an exciting week coming up! X
:/ wished things woulds turned out different
jeffshad tkjeff11 LMAO...NOW U GOT ME OVER HERE ROLLN IN THIS PLACE....U
Southland Season 4 premieres the same day I'm seeing the American Idiot Musical. January 17th will be a good day.
Its at the low points in your life that you realize who your real friends are...
Omg stoijk is playing Aint no grave-Johnny Cash
nothing better than some live music! time for some ladyantebellum in motown
my dad just stole my laptop for like an hour, just to play a sailing game
random weekend was random but it was definitely needed
My best friend LMotshegwa just got her results for her thesis and all I'm saying is...Screaming orgasm!!! Proud!!!
claudiajess9 maeveoloughlin I hope you girls are planning on behaving on schoolies
jammin' out to j.biebes before work.
so it takes 74 million to construct a 1 kilometer road!
my coffee is actually good this morning.
I keep replaying every single wonderful moment with u so I can commit it into my memory, like words set in stone.
Won both my matches today! Woot woot  missing Indy though
Nothing can ever amount to the way I'm feeling right now
nitroy2k Ughhh! I wish you people would just kiss my ass & sit on my middle finger!
kJOhanlan omg that was private.. all of the twitter world can see that! gosh now everyone knows my dick is too big to suck
Tickets for kevinbridges2012 in the bag jesuscfc1 litomisscherylc excited xxxx
Your excuses are getting old.  annoyed.
I swear, if you upload one more picture of you and your damn cat...
i love how a simple phone call improved my week tremendously.
Weather outside IS frightful, but Christmas is almost here. thankful.
matthunter123 ILoveYou(:  Hunteeeeeeer know? I want you to make a TwitCam! :/ Please you can follow us ..Would be very Happy! :D 53
Solo 12 horas y ya no estarán más conmigo
ahfoundit -whapwhahahs! - NicoleScherzinger my idol i would love to look like her, she is so hot! -
1st Christmas at my house, buying a Christmas tree!  
bsarv6 i gotta get my k/d up. i'm not in my mw2 form yet.
The original and only footloose in my mind is on! excited!
my fishtail plait is so good for me
Sara_PGA I remember driving home from Naples every spring and watching the landscape just die in front of me as I go north.
mariam_khalifa yes, and after getting to know the person its likely to fade away.
I've seen my first christmas tree :)
Had a wonderful time with my Family; Glad my son enjoyed his first Thanksgiving:)
my mums face lights up every time she sees GBarlowOfficial. I think she's in love.
But it's better if you do..
Mr. Coe needs to put the grades uppp
Christmas lights make room bright, but not bright enough to keep me awake while studying...
aprossegger no way! Jerkwad :( I'm
LMFAO Christmas vacation with momma
GotThe1DTWVibes guess what? .... I'm actually awake at this time AFTER I've had sleep! proud :P x
Ensaariela SAJHQTJJZFUPPBHAQRUVIHFSUBFTIHG ILL TEXT YOU RIGHT WHEN I FIND OUT !!!!!!!
I knew you were not going call....
I hate having late games then getting home late and having nothing to do 
So did a dude really rob da bank in wally world with no gun and a wig smdh
Sunshine__Rays flairwithaB Ummm have you looked at us lately....  we are just awful.  embarrassment  suckforluck  GOPackGO! :p lol
Once again, Britain's famed ability to shutdown over the tiniest bit of snow.
Just watching the Veteran's Day Parade going down Montgomery St.  Can't be more proud to live in this country
Just finished all 3 seasons of prison break.
I wanna go home. I'm over today .
Russbus33 The one time in forever I check twitter, Russ doesn't tag me in the tweet he promised to tag me in!
FUCK FIVE-O, I MAKE MA OWN RULES WakaFlockaBSM
AN EXTRA £41 MILLION ON OPENING/CLOSING FIREWORKS FOR LDN2012 … I work and pay national insurance but can't get free dental care
let's just add to my mood lately.. & have the notebook be on TV.
In bed with my favourite boy in the world and feeling excited about 2012 :) happy xx
There goes that perfect season.
LindsWirk yeah but this is my first one so i'm just reaaallyy
I am going to choke somebody, anybody at the moment!!! Grrrrrrrrr!!
Look in to your  and youll find love love love
My feelings for yu < your feelings for me
Yeahh maybe idid mess up, but you learn from your mistakes & if you & someone are meant to be . they will be back ((:
4 days for Breaking Dawn Premiere  excited :D
Any one feel free to call me while I am on this solo drive back to Denver it gets
If you're happy and you know it, clap your hands!! **CLAP, CLAP, CLAP**
We don't have any lettuce agghh! Not gone complain though because at least I have food to eat :)
D: 2 days!! im so
Why is it that my room is always 10 degrees hotter than the rest of the house? How is that even possible?
I hate when dudes think their so sweet , it's
i miss him already -__- .
Lion king musical bookedd :D excited #
Happy thanksgiving to the fam CEO_JOE1 KINGPINSAM tKAY7 trelldabarber JAND20 RecoHamer
Been out shopping all day and finally got my new phone
Nooooo!!! Thats not how its suppose to go :/
thatGLORIOUSmoment when you don't see ANY of your TN Vol followers tweeting a thing since we beat them!
Chipotle dinner never tasted so good
it's pathetic how everyone is talking about the weather.
Love you my Bro (:
The new updated twitter app is ten times better
Jayy_Gonzalez not to me..smh his voice is sexy tho so it makes it seem like he's cute but really he isn't.. sad  ;(
Stop talking about my ass
I hate waking up after volleyball when my knees and ankles are so sore, but volleyball is so worth it
made a new* friend today :)
Purple Naked Ladies- 12/20  The Internet
Gonna see the Black Keys tonight with my sisters and cousin (:
I wish I had something to do tonight.
when muscle men spell the word muscle wrong
my computer is a piece of shit . -___- annoyed .
Well that's a freaking bummer
I Would Greatly Appreciate It If You Would Stfu
Iloveyou like a back-alley hooker loves crack...
andrewgillan typical! That maddens me when glaring errors like that are made
I'm very happy! happy ;D
good morning.... aint life beautiful... hug somebody...
God allowed me to see another Thanksgiving
While black kids are watching nickolodeon, the white kids are at the museum smh.
Naww Love Love at the end of X men
'Anonymous' the movie was so beautiful. I still can't take it out of my mind. I miss watching it.
Gm Ppl , Happy Thanksgiving Thankful ...
common i feel great because its my 21st bday....
I lost my rings and I always wear them :(
A year ago 1D were performing 'The Way You Look Tonight' as a contestant, now they are performing their own single!
I just can't sit still!
i never bite my tongue. that shit
«SayULoveit Ate some cookie cake bout to draw dick's with my girls lonely» lmao
Amazing thanksgiving day, good food and family and then some qt with my girl.
NMEmagazine where's KasabianHQ in the top 50 videos of this year?! Rewired??switchblade smiles??Days are forgotten???
Currently at the Mall of America riding ROLLACOASTERS AT THE NICKELODEON UNIVERSE
Hanging out with my girlies :)
i hate sleeping alone :(
I can't do this to myself.
Sucha good girl finally going to get my regular license
Coming home to an empty house <
Nothing quite like screamer pipe at 7am
proteas WIN the 1st TEST!!! Well done 4 a great come back Boys!!!
I can't wait to get in my bed. I've been daydreaming about it all day.
SANA MAMA 2012 NA!!! KANT W8 TO SEE WHAT 2NE1 WILL PERFORM! KEKEKE
on the train, comedy club here we come!! excited sammij71
I'm always alone Friday nights.
Being at the mall when you're super broke
It's all for culture and love!!
And thank's to my new followers ! :)  
“SweetestSammie: jessekubanet yessss!!!! That was so fun. Can it be an ugly Christmas sweater party too??? Haha” pchad928
I think things are getting better!
Haven't been like this in a while
I'm having some serious difficulty wrapping some of these gifts.
Listening to bitches bitch about bitches
90% sure that was a roach i just saw on the bread basket in commons.
No blackfridayshopping for this girl!! thanksgiving w the fam tomorrow!!
Is this a boy Tryna fight a girl ? Smh
I only have 3 finals to take and I'm so ready to get it over with! I just want to leave to Mexico already!!!
Once a person messes up EVERY little thing they do gets on your nerves
Only nigeria sells crude oil to other countries to refine it for us and buys it back
sophn :)  I HATE when that happens
My step dad is a sick old man.
wellimpressed that I've completed alllll my work-except for the maths...this weekend won't be spent doing work for once 
what really hurt me was i broke your heart, you a good boy and i had no righttttt
Off to Walmart with Zoey and Hannah. excited :)
Dean Weintraut is really trying his best to make it on my shit list
Wish school was over aready so i can spend all night with bqthomas94
Tired and bored haha I think Steak N' Shake after the thing at the high school tonight... calling hours for a close friends mom soon :(
Wait, hold that thought... Sige, tomorrow na lang. 
dress ordered & shoes in mind gettin ready 4 this cruise
About to send this bold little message lol. .
Going to Cali today! Wonder how nilah is going to act on the plane..
holiday card from lifeoflindsey AND the new bonappetitmag? ON THE SAME DAY?!
i hate when dad ask me 987438749538759843 questions!
Having de thoughts of someone at heart like u had no life of ur own...
Love when my computer acts like an idiot
I miss my girlfriend... :(
listening to this makes me think of my grandfather....
So ill spread these wings & try to fly & if i fail at least you know i tried i hope i make you proud even if i fall
about to get my hair did soon.
A clean, pure, straight, honest, upright, generous companion.
Birthday is in a week (:
My senior pics proof book should be ready first of next week. excited!
Found Home Alone 1,2, and 3 in Walmart yesterday! This is gonna be a good Christmas!
Moving in my house next week...
Hey I love your show ANT farm!! SOO GLAD YALL ARE COMING BACK FOR SEASON 2!! excited SierraNMcCormic thejakeshort RealChinaAnne 11
Prettyeyes_85 idk I'm irri about it. Ppl putting ish in these kids head
When you're carrying the weight of two things get difficult, but you're worth every fucking second of it
Only 36 minutes till the movie starts. excited!
MrSMIVAVIOUS blazhits1 sam_tha_sequel lamarcampbell1 God's anointing fell upon theteam on this new record.
Nichols bound. Can't wait to see everyone
David crowder music on the quad?
Again, the bag I want they have it but there is defect on the bag. Serious
Soccer dinner then Luke bryan!
Wow! That Butler v Purdue game was intense!!
when your group sits at our group's table at lunch, thus leaving half of our group without a seat, you could at least apologize.
OH YEA! ITS GONA BE IN THE 60s THIS WHOLE WEEKEND!
only 20.000 left till ArianaGrande reaches the 1.000.000 ! :) excited <3
Ilang days nalaang birthday ko naa =))) then 10 days after it,christmas naa :>
ChrisMassie123 Of all the jokes from ThuggedIn, I like how u quoted the handjob joke
Only following you, so you might not be mad at me anymore
Only a few more days until the dlc of Battlefield 3 will be available.
Facebook with that porn junk....its going to start saying $9.99 for a month or take a sneak peak for $1.00
Why do i still miss you and you probably dont even think about me..
On the way to the liverpool guild of students with ZoeClark8 to see James Morrison! excited!
JForsett I would wear a 12th man flag every day if I wouldn't get introuble by my wife
Who says you have to wait till Jan 1 to start fresh! Next week is approaching quickly and lets say drastic change awaits me!
trying to watch a film that is continuously 'buffering'..
Im not rich... I can't buy you diamonds and gold... But I can take you out to get your hair and nails done.. LetsGo ......
Pancaked a ball in bar league
She talks about my butt all day at work....but then i show up and she didn't even talk to me
soo many things to be thankful for right now, amazing family, awesome friends, a GREAT God, & Lee's coming home today!
I could've had a third job this whole time!
cant wait for Tuesday! Seeing my girlfriend before i do my Chicago family Thanksgiving visitations! :)
Doing my Spanish homework all my myself
First episode of friends and wine
Great night by a fire with old friends and new ones, beach tomorrow
going to the airport to fetch mom and bro!!!!
Look Haney, I know you're our back up but could you refrain from throwing an interception every time you touch the ball?
Girls: Stop saying youre so fat...maybe you should try not stuffing your face and drinking beer. Try...Maybe Working out? annoying.
Need time away from...... everything. annoyed.
I jus realized how much work i have to do...
thisweek I've been reassured that God is in control.
Today was not my lucky day. I need to talk to you about the tests that I got done today when you get a chance Oatsnbows. disappointed.
Sure wish I was tweeting from my iPhone right now.
i think it would be fun to get in a fist fight over something will black friday shoppping
I believe in us
MonaClearingSky no you haven't told me you miss me lately
one more day of practice for the year
Well just found out that I'm gonna spend thanks giving with my sister and lol brother :( who wants to come visit me?
My mother is the only person i know that can make me feel like crap .
veebayford UNREAL TIME!! get ready to RAGE!! lol
IBeBrina oh okay yeah , I'd do the same girl I love me some waffle house ! Its
sallylloydjones AndrewPeterson jasongraymusic AndyGullahorn I want to be TheRyman so much. I might turn off my Christmas lights.
Tonight showed me there still are good people in this cruel world
Sitting under a blanket trying to get warm :/
Watching some Bill Nye thescienceguy avec the best <3 always here when you need them
Much needed time with REAL people. So grateful for the good things I have in my life.
Wanna thank My Father for allowing me to this day....
ipod software's installing
So far soo good.....
Hardly used my phone all day- it still has 75 percent battery!
SophiaMyles Nor symbols neither. Took me ages to get that.
Best thing about having the room all to myself? Random dance parties. No clothes required.
DaniRoseWilson I got my backpack last night and tried all my stuff on   it looked great
I think I repel technology. My phone didn't work all week and now my tv's not.
Thankful for so many things,  Proud mom, Amazing wife & Professional.  Photographer. A TIGER, GO BA
Finished my first baking project using my new Kitchen Aid!
Oh my freaking god. A british rap video version of thriller... Oh for petes sake
the nba season starts Dec 25.
Aint No Cute Niggas Up Here
its all tooo much
thedemix REAL PLEASURE!  Even if for a few moments.  Positivity can be transmitted instantly!  See you soon!
I can't get you out of my mind
Finally decided what my next tattoo will be :) .. Of course after Benton's that is.
all i asked for was mashed potatoes and you don't take the skins off...bitch i hate skins in my mashed potatoes
I have the hugest headache and my eyes
I haven't been tweeting at all today!
Dari hobby ke shisha cafe...belly dancing...sampe diajarin belly dance sama yg punya shisha cafe :)) what a
What a good day :)
hard to believe christmas is in five days! oooo
My brother named his elf Alphie. Elf on the Shelf officially begins tonight! excited!
Thank you to all those who follow me! :)
i love my team. wouldn't change one thing about my life
Never. Ever. Again. embarrassed  b_hadley8
You're two years old
Soooo excited for this new year tho, opening a new business wit my older brothers and my parents are renewing vows :)
“CharleeEmm: Finally got the money work owed me!! Oh it is a GOOD day (Y) :D” me too!!!! But it's a bloody cheque!!
Lil wayne you will never be 6 foot 7 foot or 8 foot...
_KelsiMarie_ I thought of you everytime they talked about E_Reid1
So ready to go to work so I can get my mind off of all this BS!!
Ouvre les yeux | Black Kent | I fucking love this song !
Not gon lie, I truly miss the game of BASKETBALL
Sometimes I just need my own space. I drive my own self crazy.
- Ughh , Cant A L W A Y S gett what uu' want ! *
I doubt tomorrow will go as planned again. Sad.
We never talk. There's always a wall in between that makes it hard for me to reach you.
WHY THE FUCK DOES BREAD COST MORE THAN CIGARETTES DOWN HERE?!
Rather die young;).. Beyonce that's
Let's go prove the voters wrong! Stanford is next! Let's go cowboys
My baby gone have a nice christmas! Cause this is her first christmas im sooo excited !
I feel bad for people who have friends...but not friendships
Damn know richmond sunday awwww man
thingimthankfulfor family & friends. they're the only ones who get me through things.
Ayer ganó mi Chelsea 3-0 sobre el Valencia!!!!
I've made a miracle today and took a nap for only one hour and a half!
Cant wait to see my hunny tomorrow<3
YAY. I got to experience an entire...hour or so of 4.3 stuff because of a broken Dungeon finder and an early work shift!
I'm so confused at to why people can't just say what they wanna say instead of waiting for you to say it!
IF XBL KICKS ME OFF ONE MORE TIME...
i wish it could show u the person who unfollows u..
justinbieber my fav song on underthemistletoe is drummer boy.
Made it thru my 1st week!! happiness :)
Why do you ignore me when we text or when I call but in person you lovvvvve me?
ms_castronovo13 called Austin Mahone a babe!
God only knows I wasn't suppose to out here right now.
The only reason I want LSU to win is cause if they lose, there will suddenly be alot more Razorback fans at school on Monday
Y does it feel like friday
since when can ke$ha actually sing? what?
letmeget a full sized bed without my 4
Sucks I'm hoarse. Voice is pretty much gone when it comes to singing. No karaoke
omg I mean I could feel my face getting warm cause I'm drinking (round 4) but I legit just looked in the mirror... omg!!
Just made plans with thubler to FINALLY catch up.
I finally got an iPhone 4!!
Amazed how people do nice things for no reason happy :)
Stoked for this weekend have every day planned out pretty well (:
tumblr app won't load.
Stepping in dog barf is my favourite........
I won't gain or lose any weight..
when my balls are itchy and i am surrounded by people i don't know.
You work so hard for something and you get one night to show it. Then the special person you want to be there is a no show.
less than 24hrs an my sis an niece will b hea
I miss my roommate Simply_Tran
this just really sucks.
you make me smile
Getting All Four Of My Wisdom Teeth Cut Out Tomorrow Nervous...
bad so much bad. all tweets from her out is blamed on drunkness, hookahwhores, secdivpix and gooph_doof
I honestly dont want to be on the phone with you right annoyed.
Yay, morgen m&39;n mobiel weer terug!! :) Hij is gelukkig gemaakt!
HALF-DAY TOMORROW :D (y)
Just realized tomorrow is Friday.
Chorus concert tonight then national anthem tomorrow... nervous.
Hopefully going to see twilight tonight!!! EXCITED!!!!
Redd_Mulah tag her in it so she can see it :(
REAllY STill lOVES MY EX! HUMMMM EXCiTED BOUT GOiNG 2 PRCC NOW! HE READY 2
everything's good. But one teensey weensey thing is bugging the hell outta me. so
Wtf? How did my phone get so dirty. I don't even know what's on it . gross I'm disgusted :/
Sometimes people say things and they don't realise how much it hurts
You wanna make nasty sex jokes all the time and then try and date me?
I dont like you and you dont like me but its okay ony 23 more weeks
Speeech next period! Ugggh I hate public speaking
OMG ohohmario is going back here in the Philippines
Stupid feeling... You attempt to fight so hard to keep away from that person, but you keep on falling much more!
My mama is so giving, she just can't stand to see people down or say no .
Gonna chill tomorrow with twitterless Sydney Hall:D
Why can't you hack into Pinterest on these dumb computers?!
last weekend to party in boulder and TashNugs birthday
.... I am not entertained tonight -___-
Some things I will never understand.
not a good start to my morninggg..
forgot to check-in for my flight tomorrow and now i have a crappy seat.
En un día voy a estar en la playa tomando sol
HannaMarins Did you hear how she explained his ex? Sound familiar
mattgoss Who else has their own Army AND gets rewarded honourary Army Captain? Well done Matt Xx
Emily Goh said that the ensemble is for showcase and is only for the best players. :D LOLOLOL.
Were like fire and gasoline. I'm no good for you, your no good for me...so ima love you like there's no tomorrow
ONE LESS LONELY GIRL  
dionneofficial I have tickets for tomorrow morning but can't find an over 18 to go with
Wow waar is dat knutseltalent?
Just missing your train home
It's nice to have someone you can always rely on
Soo my dad decided that today was take the whole stove apart and clean the bitch day.
sick of cryin, sick of trying yeah im smiling but inside im dieing
egruden heynow... i am just a nice person with very strong opinions (: not my fault she's so
Called that ... So many bids at the gym today
Cannot wait to speak english all weekend... Lets speed this class up
It's starting to snow!!!
Just ordered my first cab in the US!
I hate how slammy my bedroom door is!
Always remember, to stay humble. You are no better than the next. Blessed & Thankful.
Cruising with my boo
Daddy left his phone at home & it won't stop ringing.
At a loss for words.
slick think my teacher is hittin on this girl in class.
As long as my family good I'm good!
You. Stupid. Hot. Patch. WHY CAN ' T YOU STAY ON?!
Reading through my stack of mags: styledotcom geistmagazine harpers at cafemedina over a milk chocolate lavender latte
I don't want to stay here.
Make up your mind if your dating or not...
Those moments when you wish you had a boyfriend ..
Can't wait to see my black suede pumps arrive from Urban_Stiletto!
actually I miss my MCC so much, but now am lost it T..T
It makes me SICK how racists some people can be.
Ate a good meal Happy:-)
No MCR on my shuffle lately. Disappointed.
Everybody says forget her, keep your head up , you deserve better. Just cant get over her.. And the worst thing is, i dont know why..
2$ six inch = 4$ foot long = me really fucking happy
Williamkurk HA HA HA HA!!!!!!!!! Not the JP screaming footage!!!! Wow!!!!! That took me BACK!!!!
RowlingsArmy When I was reading and Gryffindor won the Quidditch Cup in 3rd Year, I was dancing around my room, nearly crying.
jade is so hot, & she's a geordie which makes her that little bit hotter
People who don't shut up moaning.
Having to reword your tweet because its longer than 140 characters
I am going to my baby girl ByteOfBecky house right now. I can't wait to see my baby.Happy.
Wish I could sell these dresses.
daraobriain fatsculler ovcourse astrology works its vague, describes everyday sittuations. Brainless ppl mould it to fit there lifes
I have to give my man a new hobby besides this game... Now he playin  spades online
Christmas shopping make me so happy!
I will do everything to avoid going into the kitchen
You know when the whole class is lined up at the door to leave, well i'm that one kid that is standing at my desk
I'm just so fucking
Got a lot of thinking to do about some very important people in my life
In class learning about God knows what... Its interesting but annoying! -_-
Omg court was in the damn way today old man next to me with no teeth sucking on his gums the whole time
Can't wait to see CMPunk win 'Superstar of the year' at SlammyAwards! =D
It hurts so much god it hurts
don't feel like talking or texting anyone.....
Dear Lord: thank u 4 waking me up this AM AND 4 my last patient being on my schedule @ 1PM cuz I'm out at 2!!! 4 day wknd OOOWWW!!
black Friday/Thursday shopping! leaving at 10pm :)
3:43 a.m found the recruit
Feels far to early to be up right now, so so in need of a Latte it's unreal
At ryans and my ma on the sly told them to sing happy early bday to me lmao errbody was lookin
Watching all the food being made is really making me hungry!
Eeeek :D Things are on the mend happiness :)
Everytime I peel these darn lashes off, I lose  around 10 of my natural lashes....
xiomarta Jacobo_Zanella Ya fue, Jack, fue con DJ Moskar y había monjitas... Y no, no se nos requirió.
Got our new car!!!!
Feeling really motivated to study today!
Youre a stupid bitch.
I'm thankful for my fam, good friends, roommates that don't suck, my health, and every other blessing I've been given
zoerennie_ night night? Decided I wasn't gay enough to keep it
my dad came out today and said he misses is other daughter Swagg_0x ):
ashleyshanahan 24 days
dont use holy words  to justify unholy actions, and on a lighter note this is the BEST thanksgiving ever! so blessed so so
I want a puppy
You talking about feelings for somebody else and shit smh
Can't wait for you performance on snl robynkonichiwa !!!
Off to make sure we get to the front for rihanna tonight! Dedicated fan me.
'DECEMBER' De Maand waarin Ninomusic Dope Tracks Dropt
Je bent mn ware
How's your day amazing people? :)
hopes everyone has an amazing Thanksgiving :)
I hate how its the 21st of december,and we've had NO show.
Everyday is Thanksgiving to me.
seeing girls at the malls with mustaches..disgusting.
Can't wait to me her
danpoff33 stephendcole kylekylegood keithkenning lads creeping on the couch at the moment.. cant get enough
Marry Me by Train will definitely be a song at my wedding.
Aaron88Rogers haha good look m8 I went Liverpool one on Monday couldn't bloody move
I almost follow 700 blogs
On the way to the museums with some pretty amazing people for the extra credit project!
SarahATL16 oh I know :D
cadygroves: what are you eating? i'm eating penis. do you like to cook? i cook penis.
knowing your boyfriend looks at your twitter all the time, hehe. he's so cute <33
That awful moment when you're super excited about something and then you get disappointed.  Fail.
jdougs93 taylor09nick thats where i was told they are at
Anxiously awaiting some packages by Xmas...hoping they get here!
Work in an hr
Come onnnn 7 o clock. Im ready to eat take this test then bounce!
My mom is running by my friends house galloping yelling ashlyn look outside...
MalloryKnoxband Yes! Thank youuuuuuuuuuuuuu. Definitely coming to see you guys when you get to Liverpool!
“really!!!!!! I want to c! G_menTALity88: ...getting my hair straightened for the first time in 2 yrs tomorrow!!! excited teamnatural”
CAN'T WAIT FOR CodySimpson  TO COME TO THE UK excitement :) :)
Hate waking up from an amazing dream realizing it will probably never happen..
I don't get why I'm being restricted on applying to universities.. I know its a lot of money, but it is my future!
i need to go home
Are decision worked out for the better happy! teamfollowback (:
Despite a few minor difficulties, couldn't of asked for a better start to my day.
I've been in this room all day ...
It seems that things never go the way you want them to
At a tennis match and I'm sitting beside miss chatty mouth. I may advice her that a coffee shop is a better place to gab and gossip
It's funny how we get mad..but we can't get stay away from each other
Team Annie going to Sheffield to support some great friends in Company! excited!!
Forgot to bring Mario Party 8 to dad's house. Now I'll have to play Mario Kart.
RealChinaAnne never give up your dreams its hard to make it and youve come so far!
“ErikMacklem4: When colin walks in with 8 girls proud”
justinbieber 5 hours till all I want for christmas is you music video<3
SpamuelPlodder I LOVE YOU MORE
Let's get serious!!! Swirly lolipops are so much better than round ones
Softball/Baseball pants have to be the most comfy. I could wear them all day. <3
The truth eventually always trickles down to me, somehow or someway
The Air Up There. Bliss .
sotellmewhy she so gedik..Annoying..
ready to learn some choreography with my show choir babies.
feeling kinda cool...ijus had a chance to pour out! ipray isaid the right thing...
I've never seen the sky look so beautiful! I must not be in Riyadh anymore
No homework tonight. Lovin it. ;)
I found us a dryer on Craigslist for $50 and it is HERE!!
KleoJDB suree :) thank you for todaay :)
I get to experience an exit meeting this week
CaraHoran_1D what Harry has a girlfriend now:/ disappointed haha
Woke Up To Trevis Voice
I hate that I can't use my phone wearing gloves.
my phone stays lagging with twitter.
Nobody seems to understand why I hate being single.. Annoying.
80 diff origins, insertions, actions, & innervations of muscles I gotta know by tomorrow morning, thats not even a fourth of it!
Harry_Styles zaynmalik Louis_Tomlinson Real_Liam_Payne NiallOfficial When you will come to Spain(Barcelona)?:( We love you  xx LOVE :)
My minds runnin and its beatin out propane, my train of thought's more like a run away train.
2 BEAUTIFUL FEMALES ON THE BUS TALKIN BOUT HOW THEY GOIN TELL THEY PPL THE HAVE AN STD....WOW GOES 2 SHOW DIMES AIN'T ALWAYS WORTH IT
Nice one southerntrains & londonunderground for your constant delays and cancellations. annoying!!
hindi na ako makain ng mabuti.. Won't Last A Day Without You kasi. haha HYY ilabas na po si SGeronimo25
i'm finally over him but now i have feelings for you...
ughhh tomorrow just needs to come right now ...... excited :))
im fuggin pumped!! Jigga jigga yeee “AmyElizabethDay: Sleepovers with munster_v tonight and a sushi date with Ellie   excited”
I hate childish people! My life is none of ANYONES business!
surgery number two tomorrow
Now playing - Artist: Point of Grace, Album: A Christmas Story
emjschules just got a UC camelbak :)
I hate when people apologize when they just keep doing the things they said sorry for
My mom complains about having to take me shopping when she's the one that takes forever
“24Ariana I serve a GOD that is consistently good all the timethankful”
When your so fake that everyone knows it that's just pathetic
Coffee is just the greatest.
Just over a week until Christmas. Where did the time go!?
pretty sure the skinny peppermint mocha is the best thing Starbucks ever did.
Not feeling the love from my man right now :(
Stuck in Canoga Park for work!!!! This is a nightmare. I just want to go home and see my monkey butt
Today's Just Not My Day
Hard to say good game when you lose, but that was a great game
Bit into a cornish pasty only to find, to my despair, that it was an empty inside. There is no more hope today.
Nothing pisses me off more than the subject of food, or discussing what to eat - ESPECIALLY when it's a discussion with my parents. RAGE!!!
real_Klaire Oh so very tempted! And she could wear teeny tshirts!
Really,  no one wants to know or see that your that in love...
havent tweeted since break started
This is sad and boring. There are no students to throw acorns at.
I am tweetin solo
As I get older I realize heartburn becomes a more common thing with me
cowboys are putting me in a better mood(:
im hungry as shit .
MIZZLOPEZBABI I am smfh I'm
Mom made ALL my favourites :-)
Alchemyst_Prime omg yes my dream! except the only person who would get a pedi with me is my mother
megannkreger they'lll grow up eventualllly.
Was excited to try Uber_SF but after a $60+ ride from Noe to Downtown last night, I won't be trying again.
Im almost 100% well. S/O to everyone who helped take care of me, prayed for me and sent me get wells!
When you put off your alarm before it can ring
todayy was cool! :) im happy.
My back been hurtin all day ......
Wen will World people realize that HATE will never win over
Enoying my down time b4 I start my new ish
En live de la Soutenance de la these de mon cousin. Franchement ce negro m'a rendu fier. Quand l'un d'entre nous arrive jusque là.....
Build my world around you
FUCKING CHURNING FLAT AGENCY!
16 15 14 13 12 11
Instant bad fucking mood..
feel like I'm going to puke
LucyGrenville I have her for badminton, but she doesnt play, but she keeps asking me to serve for her, which I can't do... Embarrassing :P
Whos still on here.....?
this heartburn needs to go away....feels like im dying
MsCindyChiang I wish we were there to do our SHOPPING. We are all in Utah for our Family Time.
Uggh my baby SIS is sick wish.I was there sad mollie_hollie
I'm so lonely now
Happy Birthday to 3 amazing people Ericunger , HaileyBaldwin & LittlecBeadles  Hope y'all have a great day!
well the STATravel_UK website is is very helpful, no matter what i click on it says internal server error
Got a new GPS & Xmas tree
emmyro16 i dl'd the knockoff
Create_Jewells Hope so! Could happily spend Christmas there - great lunch, walk around the grounds with the children...
Take Care was not a good album . To me it was a
wahhhh! I wish I could go see BreakingDawn tonight disappointed.
going to PLUTO in the beddd. wish queen_b334 & C_RAYYY5 were hereee, we'd drive this bitch all night!! :)
Ale-alejandro, Judas-juda-ah-ah, Po-po-pokerface, Te-te-telephone, Does Lady Gaga have a problem in pronunciation?
MsSoniaMoody not seeing anything old
We all had a good time nd we all got alone
paigeymyers all people ask about and talk about these days
You sit there and talk so much shit. Don't expect no one to say anything
Watching my nephew drown these green grapes in salt.
Spongissime pas cette apres midi **
I hate people that do shit for attention ,
angelic_gal yupsss! And I hope d judge is good too. Jay deserves it. Hehehehehe..
Futbol Season is almost here (; I can finally say ImReady I can run 2 miles without stopping.
Happy thanksgiving! soblessed and
Take a chance to give thanks to everyone and everything in your life for this upcoming Thanksgiving!
Congrats to all who were cast! excited!
Why tf is my room so cold????
Fml anatomy final today.
This hormones gone wild is hard
Oh my gosh Taylor_Hollon paytonjohnson1 cass11olsen PLEEAASSEE get here. I'm dying.
My sweats are dirty
Currently packing a bathing suit....AHHH excited Arizona rachcrosenberg
Woah I just realized that after tonight the next time I have a day off it'll be Christmas Day O.o
foodshow with the sinisgallis
congrats to my daddy five years sober today :)
Soooooooo, we gonna keep this up or are you done being an idiot yet?
On est presque la ! :D
some people are just sad smh
ThoseUSAGirls N one of my friends is movn there on Saturday.
Love how your night can be made by just one person texting you!
«im_broke_bitch i cant wait till my brovas YungWacK51 CuzSkeet know me situation drop anxious»
Phone back on sice me bitch.....im Happy....
finished all of that homework. hehehhehehehehehe
Kml that bittt just
I'm so glad I'm no longer in hs
itsabeautifulworldbecause of all the beautiful people full of o much love, hope, compassion, sharing & faith.
Spending my friday night giving every album on my iTunes an album cover
She says only reason she hangin out with me cause she gets discounts!
some guys just don't get it.
Iknewitwasoverwhen you started acting more like a woman then i was...
Happy thanksgiving everybody, you are all beautiful.
So encouraged to go on....thanks God for the Word he sent me on 2nite..I'm gna do just what was said and watch God work!!!
Listnin to girls talk about all there problems... yay so fun
Waking up in the middle of the night... just because I got some idea on my fragrance project!!! Excited!
I Hate My Brother In Soo Many Ways ! I Swear He Soo Annoying Lightskin_Mir
Ordered all my Xmas shopping and made a school boy error, one of the gifts is shoes and I didn't check the size
Just saw this girl in my math class spit out a chunk of food while she was laughing.
shellydorsten you finally got twitter!
Finallyhave my phone :) its been more then a week EXCITED :)
Maybe sitting here on my bed listening to a sad love song alone isn't the best idea ..
How do you feel when u get the best news and then a second later the worst news? Do you know because I don't know how I feel
All I'm thinking about is turkey mashed potatoes and stuffing
Food Wass TooGood.<3 Thankful .
yo my school get out on the 19th for christmas break !
Gotta_CatchEm lool no worries leme know wen ur doin a nxt ting
CIS courses are  worthless. There, I said it. I follow directions  exactly & still can't win.
I love my parents
Blip is cool and all but I never want to reply cause my voice sounds sooo lame
I love how you go from being crazy about me and can't stop talking about me to not even thinking or caring about me. sad/:
I get to tan tomorrow yay!!! No more gross paleness, I literally rather be burnt then pale. Yay me.
think the rains finally over thank god
Im wrong, im ugly person talking about ugly people haha
Sexist people should just go hide in a hole.
Lol when I drop jordan_xoxo3 off at her house and completley back up into the curb
When your burp and a bit of sick comes up
2more classes.. You can do this ray you can do this.!
1 more day till break !
Thanks for following me sparrowhawkall, you're the best!
It takes a lot of effort to do all caps on a blackberry and I only send those messages to nicojoness
I think im highly capable of driving.
That moment when you get no play on your own BIRTHDAY!!
Can't wait to hit the gym in the morning .....(__@)....
Seriously if I tell you im going to do my homework and then go to bed, get out of my room!
offskies to see the misses xoLoren after 4 days of loneliness with the flu! times are now good! :)
Debating wether or not i want to go to mommy's gravesite ...... cantdeal with it
Literally just lost it
I hate those people that retweet everybody else...all the time
I got the ticket!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! tonight foofighters live in Perth!!!! happiness!
Got a new pair of Mizuno Wave Rider 15 shipped to me today! Thank you very much CareRun.
I was just proposed to at Texas Steakhouse with a bread ring. love wontonwilliams
I wish my mama would realize that tonight is really not the night to argue with me.
It is my biggest pet-peeve whenever someone that is very nice looking dates someone that looks like they've been digging in a dumpster.
Whyy does my cat always feel the need to lay right up against me
I Wish i had one to dream about all day. Haha. -.- Can u guys say Lonely!
I hate when I have all these chips in my bag of air!
32 degrees in the ATL......I'll be in Florida before the day is over!!
15 minutes until rugrats
grow up and quit acting like a girl.
Babysitting and eating take away tonight. Saving the pennies for my trip to Bluewater tomorrow excited !!
Loving the commitment from connaught playing with
I love my gifts! :*
stupid talksport re-releasing old web pages. nffc burnley is ancient history but now the news crawlers have got it AGAIN.
oomf never like saying guud morning 2 me no,more sad :-(
Off to London to see Paul McCartney!!!  and nikisorabjee is a saint for scoring me this ticket to ride … towards happiness :)
-last week of classes...
Im Sorry Im Greedy, But I Want You To Myself.
shout out to B_Allen7 Sandagb56  Vinitaxn4  Ivelissed2 Katheryns9 thank you for the follow!
Getting ready for a runway @ Tour & Taxi's!
hope this shit don't say via wii lol
How I wish I could see my friends and tell them what I'm feeling right now. depressed :(
I hate getting spam..
GOOD, NIGHT ,WORLDTEAMFOLLOWBACK.
Just realized I never talk to 90% of the people i couldnt go a day without speaking to this time last year.
She makes the stress not so bad
Dad's going to getting my car today!!!
I'm the 371,355th applicant for UML
Man shout out 2 my new follower......  yoooi i hope everybody haven a gud thankgivign cuz i am
Its sad to know the people who were closest to u dont even know u anymore:(
going through all this stress just  for a student loan! hopefully i get something good from it!! exciting #££££
Cant believe first semester of college is dne with.. Aced all of my exams and made Dean's List :)
kenziesartain Thanks Kenzie, I cant wait either
Making ginger bread cookies all by myself.
Unngie _ranjanakaur gurdeepmalhi mans got two phones and still can't keep upp
Ordered from faasos baner. Took 1 hour to deliver. And the wraps are soggy :(
attempt at black friday shopping with mom!
I'm not mad AntoniqueSmith for being so talented, dedicated, and stunningly gorgeous. I mean this woman is INCREDIBLE...
when your friend tells you he loves you more than cod
really want to see breaking dawn but it looks like ill be doing nothing this weekend...
Getting fed up with today for sure
10 days to Christmas!!!! YAY!!!!!
I've already figured out what my New Year's Resolution will be and it's not even Thanksgiving.
Someone please sell me a ticket to 1D for Brighton. Or two. Not kidding.
The thought of pUKe winning this Saturday
Please don't ask me to learn a song in 5 mins, so I can play with you. Only to come to find out that YOU CANT PLAY IT!! 
Ted_Tommo The album up all night is on No.1 selling in the Netherlands
What kind of phone company gives your repaired phone to someone else??
Make the best out of every situation.
20factsaboutme 1 i started to write a note of my 20 facts & accidently erased it before i tweeted any
wish i had a goodnight sleep but i had to listen to my sister talk on the phone with her boyf all night.
I went when younger siblings think they know more then you
i forreal just threw up in my mouth.
Amazon emailing me about computer parts on their way still can't afford processor
Fsarullo Agh I see! Good to see your enjoying yourself brother send my regards!! See yo'll soooon
Off to megabuzz!! ready to RAGE.
MAANN ITS BEEN A LONG TIME! SMH
This class always makes me miss inservice.
Woke up cheery enough 2 practice my guitar 2day only to 2 find out I've lost my pick again
Back travelling with the team.
I find it funny that someone does something to you and then gets mad at you
connie0418 I think I may have lost weight...of course I'll put it back on WHEN I AM BACK FOR XMAS!!!!!
to much homework to do, I dont even know where to start.
Hmm.. More of my frens da ade mataer..
Raised well over £1500 for my world challenge, now off to maccys then get to see my beautiful family.. COULD THIS DAY GET ANY BETTER!?
7x5photo No ICE here yet. Not even the tiniest of snow. I'm desperate to make ANY ICE or SNOW pics but can't
Times are bad, when you don't have a good book to read
This nigga trieal_e will put me in the best mood when I'm shitty... Lol
hazelnut coffee & charlie brown's christmas :)
I'mma shout out my babe! Good Luck today Round 2: of ball try outs ! I know yull do great !! My basketball star ! Syd_dakid24
anyone wanna have a study date tomorrow with little old me??
Went to check my post and I have 5 letters and 3 parcels
This Chinese Food is about to be
slangdon24 im drunk and just got georgios
Just waiting for you to text me
Tough love down, next iron chef on deck then some Kardashian and David Tuters time.
Why is this new Twitter do slow?!?!
Having so much fun I wish I could share this with you
When we need to talk your not here, you can't tango with with no dance partner and my dance partner isn't here
OliviaSummerZ I'm sure. Contract to kill with that voice.
Omg, I just remembered where I was Thanksgiving last year. thankful :)
going to the gym by myself
Argh!! Just remembered I haven't played today's
Cody_McCance ohh so now your doubting our friendship? What is the deal with you? I can't even believe you right now. Soooo
I dropped my guitar pick into my guitar jfkejndjedjfjd -_-...
How can some people have such a lack of respect
SAMgotyoMAN_dUh naw, you know how city be wit letters and shit and yea my budget finna increase,
STVisionary ANYTIME!  Maybe some live shots would be nice. Perhaps at our next gig.
RosscoJammin jonnyyoung1011 I have a mate who i need to do this too
That feeling you get when you beat a video game >>>
RayAcoProdsWing NP It On My Second Meeting Them Princeton && Prodigy  Was Firlting With And Call Me Babyy *Shocked* Roc Hug  Me !
haha Ti doing something bebe did to me
hate when u get comfy and then realise the tv remote is miles away
You do the sameRT OfficialHarmony: FlyBoyBabE Thanks for the S/O babe.. be safe..
jeeze, could i screw up anymore tonight?
In the Kino, waiting for Happy Feet Two!
like hiiii, wanna stop staring at mee...?!
oh god... talking about it now shietttt can't believe i lost the plot yesterday ahaha fuckk :(
Oh how I wish arlington had comp cheer
Another big night at Suede. Can't wait for next week! LDN with my ladies!
Tonight gon be aight for a last one n Fulton
Job interview soon, wish me luck.
Just watched the Dark Knight Rises trailer. How come Martin Lawrence is no longer with the franchise?
The Grand Forks plane is smaller then the Devils Lake one.
justinbieber I LOVE YOUR ALBUM UNDERTHEMISTLETOE!! It's Amazing!
Stupid disney channel movie making me cry.
Trying to watch this duke game while my mom and her bf talking about how they met on match.com....
I just laughed the fuck OUT LOUD.
Whoever developed yogurt as a tasty treat should've been thrown in a dungeon
Relaxing in my OWN bath and OWN bed
There's nothing like the real thing. Love.
If I had a shittier phone, id probably chuck it across the room right about now.
tyrabanks You wasted my time of recording this season on my DVR; what happened to Angelie and lisa? Really?
I live in a city where the beach is our backyard yet I am borderline albino.
ShaynaColon where the hell were you last night ?!
Urgh... Dust, why you no die! Canon 5DC Rage :(
My first wish of 11-11-11...could I please not have to pee everytime I am really comfy cozy in bed.
My 1000th tweet goes to my ma Sharon Miller I love that woman.
Bitterness- an infectious disease that brings everyone around you down... Live n let go!
for fuck sakes
Lovely sleep, now to get up, wash up and head to the spa to catch up with my bezzie...excited x
Man I hope this just blows over
Hanging out with bethanyspartyy tonight
When girls talk in a baby voice
You know there are some things in life I'll never understand, and one is how people can be so selfish?
The Excellence part of Murder to excellence....
“BobbyCArtist: YolandaCMAR_PD konanplaydirty1 nah not a fool ur in the play dirty camp now”
can't wait to see john tonight ;))
i think Im ready.. But Im not ready for the outcome..
Bad news , No governors school this year
Sinisterknights don't find a house and tell your family to stay in the retta.
Mama just called & confirmed my iPhone
break ups suck.
JohnPaulFutbol So true...my sons did the same for me.
emoneybagzzzzz just got done packing :)
Hey Tweethearts!! I'm back! Went 2 ATL for SoulTrain Awards and phone crashed...couldn't remember my darn twitter pw to reconnect.
I don't believe in killing people no matter how bad they are... China didn't have to..
It's to hard for me.
Just got off work Annoyed*
idontbelieveyou. I don't know if your actions are merely whims or if you truly mean them.
Words can't even begin to describe how I feel about you
Stay out of my god damn business
i looooveeee my life <3 <3 <3
people fall in love when someone can finish their sentence. I say shut up and let me talk annoying.
Sometimes we honestly do lie to ppl b/c we dnt wna c them hurt. When you tell tht type of lie, its not a lie, its called
Albert Puljols left the St.Louis Cardinals....
lmao!!! “TanishaBadBitch: I pulled out my wallet in front of my mama n a condom fell out! Facts Embarrassing”
Reallly? Do you really have to tweet every 3 minutes?
Cincinnati you make a sports fan want to kill themselves....
best get my marzipan on this christmas cake else it wont be done in time!
I feel like a prisoner and my entire weekend is ruined.
The twin brothers who made their mother's dream come true: to become a singer <3 0101xiahtic JUNO_Japan
My phone is about to crash. I have 40 txts msgs!!!
En Veracruz & hay un terrible norte!!!
My boo hasent txt me
Good luck to the BouxAvenue girls that are opening their guildford store today !!!!  Just 31 sleeps till Christmas !!!!
I hate it when to start to Remember the people I've lost :( everything was so much better last year .
GOOD GAME Yellabug_Love YALL KILLED !!! lol yall r blessed to have coach O
johnny_stokes a blatant penalty if ever I saw one..definitely deserved at least a draw
ThaPrincessSwag is such an angel (: ran out of gas in the boonies and she's driving out here to bring us a gas tank lol
Are AmBiguousAH & 24Freak here yet. excited iliketoparty.
I'm so sick of all these tweets asking me to follow someone.
_DaddyLou ikr, best xmas gift to have! :)
lik a boom before explosion ticking by your call! love!. .
my voice is as sore as fuck and now i have to ask him if i can present my presentation on a another day
ConorWhelan2 i didnt say u..meant me..but you are :L i got off twitter for a reason..too addicted.! Any time we're apart i miss you
Watching Extreme Makeover always makes me teary eyed
Cuddling with my lil ones
another hot sunday  with
i reallly need an at&t phone...
she is telling me about how all her dogs have died , with like a peppy little voice
I could have any of em but I still choose you.... love &
Going back to sleep, I need a do over.
I actually want this to take flight. I'm kinda excited.
The awkward moment when you waddle onto a bus after buffet city and MatiDuszyk 's dad is driving
I really do love Aleah_Nicole . We been kicking it since 3rd grade. We been through SO much. Love you lil sister.
I'm thankful for my family who will always be there no matter what. Family is forever. I can always count on them
mi movie kumin on lifetime... n jus a few seconds :)
I was awarded a medal for my help! :D
yes my mom is actually gonna get me an acoustic guitar for christmas (:
When some bitch tries to break up you and your boyfriend and is unsuccessful.
2 more days of school. Line dancing Wednesday beach house friday <3 This week is going to be grand.
You're a teacher for a reason, you're supposed to TEACH. Not give us worksheets & tell us to get on the computer. annoyed.
What is the deal with this weather? Is it hot or is it cold
Should've tagged that last one with
Gays are like cats.
What a great relief to hear my grandaddy say I dont have to worry about my ipad cause he's going to get it for me...
piano recital in 20 minutes
Falling asleep to In The Mourning tonight ~
I really hate it when you repin something and it keeps the caption, which is something you wouldn't normally say
I hate being confused ...
Oh em gee. One month till christmass excited :) :) :)
longestt day without my voice
princess_nadian fashion show's tomorrow!
Dressing up tomorrow for no reason.
I can see my TL now
some people are just sooo rude!!
pwoperhannah It's time I push off so, Good evening :) <3
being the good girlfriend I am and typing mans paper lol .. it will take me 10min compared to him taking a week. love lol
Welcome December, the month of eggnog and rum.
30 mins till 2NE1 the best new band in the world perform!!!!!
its ok to retweet someone but when you do it like freakin 10 times in a row gets
I swear if my brother wasnt my brother , id kick his ass /:< annoyed!
My nephew whispering in my ear talking about his cousin. Pssst Victoria, Benjamin is evilll.. Haha these kids are cracking me up.
the tree of Life needs to grow and branch out. bloom with flowers and sprinkle with
Can't stop thinking about my soccer game on sundayy(:
passed all my finals for today (: Proud !
Just found money in my washer
Planning for this trip with my 3 wives. Since MsDeadWrong, 1_PrettiPoodle & Welcom2daGUNSHO say ppl don't go TO WV, I'll take them.
I wake up to my cousin, her asshole boyfriend, -& his friends banging on my window, I  ignore them, so my mom lets them in? -.-
We're blazer crew of course we're gonna be loud & obnoxious. If your gonna bitch about it then don't sit behind us.
MOM IS GOIN TO BE HERE TOMORROW!!!!!!!!
show choir, packing, and then off to rhode island with drakeguitar :)
Relaxing never felt so good!
Mi mamá es lo máximo. No la para nadie. proud MarielitaMonroy DarkSidedLuisa
party on the beach tonight
I wuld giv u head but u ain't gone aprechiate dat
When no one understands to just leave me alone when I have over 90 problems left on my homework that's due tomorrow.
Watching the final lost girl for the season.
I HOPE tonight is the night I do not have to hear any snoring.
Water for elephants wasn't as good as the book
Less than 3 hours to go!
i think i may be done with facebook, it's so boring! all i do on it is go through and stalk people i dont care about
got my i phone((:
Only two stories left johnnypanicandthebibleofdreams Plath panic!!
Even the ugly 1c still make expensive hair
i don't know what's happening with me. disappointed..
I GOT JOB INTERVIEW 2MORROW AT 3:30!!!
Tamar sucks......Trying to steal Tony swagg. She is officially
Grow up and get a life
Only one more week of school then we finally get out for thanksgiving break!
At least I gt to seee family today before I leave to go outta twn!!!
Magic fm on a Sunday morning...
keeponrunning I just signed up for a half marathon in January.. haven't ran in 2 months!!!
LanchiNguyen11 hahaha, it's amazing! love!
Must_I_Preach ... yea my mama was like just tell apostle uu feel like a visitor after all these years again thats
IHOP w/ my grandmom before work...
Me and justin bieber have the same shirt!!!!
Can't stand sittin' here watch Carsen play blackops cause he dies every 2 secs! frustrated (:
Ok!!! That might have just ruin my day!! :-( sad :-(
ArianaGrande you will like never notice me :(
15 year olds saying life's about this and that.. Bitch wtf do you know?!
Hate caring about what other people think
Giants blew it tonight
I can't wait for Snowshoe! Working all day and Snowboarding all night long!!
Its so hard to convince your mind to stop Loving someone when your Heart still Does.
Substituting sushi with pickled food in desperation ~
These are real friends right here...
Half time and 4-0 up  
book sale at target
Loading up my car for tomorrow!
Loving some of my latest releases now!!
people that panic when they're high
xomikayla11 I can't wait to see you! I'm waiting outside your house right now cause no ones home!:(
Just saw Santa Clause!!!!.
is gong to kenyaaa! excited!
Me Schoonmoeder is egt lief
Can't wait to spend the day with Kyle Avery tomorrow
I love the 70s show!! bliss haha
had a good night yesterday thankgodforBreak!
Lord idk wat 2 think bt my mind is thinkn bout cha
i really dislike homework
Did my Xmas good deed! Went out to target with the fam and bought toys and clothing for the underprivileged!
Omg people being labs on my floor
Mi último día de vacaciones
This 14yrs cnt not count pass 7! sad!!
I woke up in a bad mood smh -_-
Didn't go to sleep til after 2am....woke & now my daddy gave me $$$ for shopping today
Just as free, free as we'll ever be zacbrownband love <3
When you text someone and they don't reply....kinda makes you feel stupid
I hate everything today.
markymarket Why don't I get markymail neglected!
im still not really in the christmas mood
Preparing for an all nighter - got an awesome design brief and job needs to be completed within the next two days!
Going to the Christmas dance!!!
920Love you so much please follow me back D; depressing justinbieber
When you can stop coughing in class <<<<<
Big day determining LA today ....
20factsaboutme 11. I'm going to see TheSaturdays on Tuesday with Brooke_GA_Burke!
So glad the econ final is over! Wasting away another youthful day studying again
i just wanna be
I say I'm a lover not a fighter... But nobody fights as hard as me for what i
Tree is up and me and hubby gone decorate it tonight!!
brmckillop1 clearly, not sure how I missed that.
I love Saturday mornings:)
Omg i need a dutch -__- been here since 9:30 gettin my hair done
finished all my projects
Thanks to Macy's for Fireworks and Parades !!
So maybe that Yule log wasn't my best attempt, made too little. Will try again on Xmas eve
this stuff is just driving me crazy
This time next week Christmas would nearly be over...
i love when my mom comes clutch and lets me take the car to go get starbucks
“ShelbyStanard: This always happens. frustrated”
Thanksgiving break officially begins!! Woo hoo.
Getting my hair dried by the sis bliss.
Its a great day to be alive!
Booked a HUGE emcee gig today & waiting to hear back from a big hosting event in December. I should go on vacation more often!!!
So annoying when u print on letterhead and you were meant to print on plain....
The Help is a beautiful movie.
I'm not stayin at work til 10.30 tonite I leave early but still get paid for bein there
Dress rehearsal tonight.
iNeed to SwalLow My Pride.
smcchicknora when are you getting back?
Im getting married 4 months from today. :)
I swear I dunno what i'd do without my daddy .
The difference ice cubes can do..
vous avez vu y'a des fan de catch à la TV ! :D
don't you see it? these are clues. come on buddy..
Fucking hell - i'm missing countryfile again!
mickeyrandy3 Haha - sounds like a plan! love <3
The military life starts soon.
Thanking the man upstairs for letting me see another day above ground.
97 on structures final
I know michigan isn't playing flawlessly. It's the biggest and craziest game of the season. Call something on them refs.
King Leonidis is getting some!!!!!! Proud!!
My Cowboys Won Sun & Thurs, I Got My 3's, I Got My iPhone, I Got Endless Diamond Supply && Some 0ther Slight Work...
I hate rainy days..
So lol I look on my mentions n see Quita_94 n _taydanielle_ had a slick convo wit out me lol
Adding The Carpenters Merry Christmas Darling to Top 5 fav Christmas songs! love!
It is so hard to refill a pez dispenser
I got the coolest coworkers. Word.
igotgame33 HI. MISS YOU. LOVE YOU. You probably won't check this for 8291838291939 years
haven't had chocolate or crisps all day
gigantic...a big, big love
Problem not all this childish shit we doing....
Ready for tomorrow, it's friday also one of the biggest games of the season vs Silver Creek.
christmas party tonight in 115:)
This tweet is for KyBlo  Positive & NOT depressing  :)
Im here for everyday!! If you know it or not
mom took my pa card so i freaking wasted a trip to the cc.
KelsC_ its filled with nothing but happy couples and families.
Guru_Keez01 lol...damn!okay but your friend wabora...lol
even if ImogenKNJones lived with me and amiramersit im pretty sure we would still just talk via twitter.
First time ever questioning leaving or finding a new job
Glad to see another day!
Hate it when my mom doesn't answer my text or phone calls!
4 little kids playing with the ashtrays
stefunny2 take lots of picturessss
SydMcLean dunno? I said you fucking nob whatever that is, and yeah period 3 after my pe assessment
hahaha. Gotta love that family teenylt linzaj itslizziedoll. And Mars. I just don't know dudes twitter but good handshakes.
God has been really good to me!
Aye s/o to my clean record again
going to see Lily the puppy !! (:
I've spent the last hour and a half in a very hot bath reading a book. I'm now sporting zebra-pjs.
Joeklod63 missed my bestfriend today
MONEY KANT BUY YO
Bwahahaha!! The Hubs totally teared up reading Catching Fire!!
Damn This feeling is getting old..
Hate Boss levels on the hardest difficulty!
Nothing beats a Sunday at home watching Yates get his ass kicked
wrk week starts bck today...thank God for it...it feels good to be independent and on ya own...
Hot To Make It In America - Be yourself & stand up for what you believe in! take influence from SophiaBush look where she got in life
MarcusStamm This Friday = is a must!
I like today at school. gonna be a good day! looking forward to tomorrow too!
Yea Jo answer I say we walk around thereRT amazinty91:
dennydiablo PeezeeThemadcap _AlexTorres_ jeremy__bryan Alesana My boys need to stop being so perfect.
backstreetboys i wish I was on my way to Miami! Hahaha have fun without me ;).
my life is beautiful
Left my whole phone at Jets_f31 crib
them itches where you just want to scratch away at them with your teeth.. agony!
thatawkwardmomentwhen your girlfriend is more interested in her iPad than your existence.
Love being at home w/my family. Just feels right...
kateshelty understandable. Sorry you had to witness me sitting in a room alone. I promise I'm not weird? Or is it too late...
This stuff is getting really old
10 more minutes till my birthday.
When hoes call others hoes, ugliness calls others ugly, fat call others fat, and so on... Stop talking about yourself. Thats
The last thing I think about before I sleep and the first thing I wonder about when I wake is you susy_Q_90
Why do people always have to stick their nose in other peoples business?
Find out if I got accepted into U of I inna weeek.
I miss my best friends so much and I can't talk with them. I'm nothing without all of you. My life sucks so bad.
let's see how this goes... nervous.
Tryna deal with this stuggle!
I wish marrriieee_x0 was in class with me :/
Hopefully I will get a new laptop and car before Saturday!! :)
Another night in an empty house...
got to spend my birthday with Nina Newsom, JaceTanuvasa , and JSwag503 .
CassiSeckman sounds like someone bare-ass farted on your pillow.
Haha,, only if somf knw da truth!
MISFITSTUDIO thank you for the sweet pic at happymovie! See you soon Ms. J.
I had a cinnamon pretzel today
Going to smoke out with oomf excited ^.^
i wnder if  SweetEscape__ was thinking about a salad cuz my shit just fell
Actually I'm not  proud. My work is not good.
Will be back in NYC in a few days!
Oh man Mile High Christmas :D love BreatheBand
Sweetpotato314 thanks. Can hardly wait to see your work. EXCITED!
Used a serum in my hair this morning and it looks gross now. I washed it like 5 hours ago and now it's absolutely fucked.
Every time I hear someone smack while I'm eating.. I lose my appetite.
chillaxing in Raleigh, NC for the next week..it's good to get out of the beltway for a while..try to clear the head and relax
Me: sorry I will get off twitter when I follow this person  Justin : where you following them too  Me: god your a idiot !!! happy:)
She Didn't Answer ..
HarrysHoar zaynmalik harry_styles LMFAO ZAYN IS ONLINE I bet he's reading this omg
Today is such a special day
Yal bitches want a hug or something
Dangg i wish i could go to the wrestling tournment  :/
Have a great Tuesday night everyone! Be safe!
When I first moved to Hintonburg I talked with my neighbours about the drugs and prostitutes. Now we talk community, art and food.
Despite everything else.... I'm happy. <3
justinbieber i love you:) i hope you enjoy your Christmas and new year. 2011 been amazing for you, 2012 will be better, believe EXCITED!!
justinbieber you will never notice me,
Feeling down..my boyfriend is going to Thailand tonight for 2 weeks!
Praying for CJ.
My bff is going to sleep on me,
StanCollymore You're more than welcome. Thank YOU for such an open, honest piece that raises awareness & dissolves taboos about
roya_fatlasagna its such a good song
“ash_cheer12: People just fucking everybody now-a-days. sad.”
God is so good 2 me I'm sooooo
DonnieWahlberg but I was at least alive for your old school run! That show was 5 years before I was born...
IT'S FUCKING SNOWING OUTSIDE!
KojoApenteng Just About To Go For Xray On Finger Lol
Everytime I try to get something accomplished, here comes the monkey wrench.
going back home :)) goodmorning...
What am I supposed to do now.
That thing you're dealing with that you can't share with any of your close friends..
Road Dogg, Foley, Lita & the return of masked Kane. Doesn't get much better for me. Kane is so much more scary now
White Christmas is on!
IT'S RIVER COTTAGE DAY!!!!!
Thank GOD for another day
Going with naitothenai to get inked today..
i'm from a town smaller than beadle.
I just changed to 4 stations and marry the night by lady gaga was on all of them. Omg
Oh how I love spending time with him!!(:
Flocka come in and goes forget they have on skirts...
Hubby watching youtube videos of calling elk
Well that was shite
You're the one that walked in when everyone else walked out..
pdilleynotdiddy seems to be on his period...
True friendship isn't being inseparable, it's being separated and nothing changes.
I know when my brother graduates from the Naval Academy my whole family is going to be crying
Why do this dude keep tweetn me! idek him
Mon bébé a le hoquet
The boys down here though >>
I really fucking miss paramore.
OMFG, this NEEDS to END. just don't talk to each other, that what i do. Annoyed.
lets leave david reed in seattle
When the Ewok tries to wake up his fallen Ewok friend.....I die every time :'(
At church ready to go to sleep...
T minus 24 hours till the copies start hitting the bars. WATCH THIS SPACE!! AAAH!
Sooo cold but no snow
I'm so over this...
When people you trust lie to you, let it go or let them go.
VeronCFC23 I don't get that at all. Piazon looks great and Josh would too if avb would remove his arse from the bench!
sam_miah007 hmmmmmmm my hair never does :(
The coach from MOVAL called tonight..ahh!! excited.
alyssa_bailey OMG....I must watch!!!
Happy thanks giving everyone! I'm am thankful for EVERYTHING in my life.
You are making some dumb decisions remember what's really important!
Stupid stupid dumb dumb ! here don't have one direction songs !! :(
I love how I had to see Reciee_babie wen I was about to crush my burrito lol smh
Got this account back but I'm gonna use SlytherinWhore too! Gonna tweet as much as I can!
I woke up and had 12 tweets to me on my phone. Then I realized I was hallucinating
Not in church praising the lord. But i thank for still keeping me here on this beautiful sunday.
Walking up stairs with an injured toe isn't fun
S/o to the most beautiful women xocierrajade . If you feel that you are unappreciated just know I love you
no matter how early or how late I go to sleep I alwayz getbout 2 hrs then im rite bak up!! :/
When Starbucks gives you a venti drink for the price of a grande.
dreamchasin8 studios but I didn't get them :/
realising you left the most expensive present in a changing room
If only yall knew my troubles god has brought me so far!!!!
This girl in my class keeps telling anecdotes on how terrible her life has been cause she's cute and smart... Like really?!?!?!
brian_littrell can u send a chirp to me & my friends natalie_peer maru85argent LoveinLittrells luvbsb1264 we love you ;)
Sometimes I wish my brother didn't whine that much
Needs a break. Away from this town, away from these people, and away from the arguments. Just me and God.
I have when my boyfriend is arguing with me ... #<\3
bloglovin is down! And I really want to read some blogs!
I think I fucked this up.
Tomorrow can't come fast enough
Watching ladygaga Thanksgiving special w/ my 5yr old niece. She loves gaga & were both in tears listening to her talk bout bullying.
Biosje met me liefje....!!
Spanish + no ashleyymariee_  = NO FUN
Going on a date tonight
u have no idead what i got going on
2 weeks I officially won't see my Juicebox. :( _oliphant jemmymaggimee
Good morning  Im a hour away	from my house.
Pulau Komodo. A great place to go. Recommended for all people around the world. Indonesia must proud to have Pulau Komodo
Shoot throught the heart, and you are to blame, darling you give love, a bad name!
Hey YOUR cool because your going after MY best friends ex. You want her left over cheese curds too?!?
EmmaHardingX They probably won't even accept your blood, that happened to my mum
Tomorrow im finally gunna do it
He sat down on the bench and I heard his balls clap against it...disgusting -_-
Ellen's 12days giveaway... ahh wish I was there.. atleast ONE of those days :( </3 Watching all of it on YouTube! How depressing! haha
“JUSSITNPRETTY: S/o MonteSings for putting on for our city... Keep up the good work and all that you do...” always! Thanks so much!
Realized I got a WHOLE lot of things / people to be thankful for.! This year has been a rough one, still making it though Thankful :)
how i wish, i'll get that one before my birthday... excited.
How the HELL has Harry M stayed in there??
Woke up, thought I had work.
Date with Chris tonight;)
I should of had a white family like those Xmas movies
Engineering interview 1 nervous wishmeluck hiljay lauraboland_ BizNasty2point0 DarynJones
Heading to alabama tomorow!!!
Sinterklaas met de familie was leuk! nu maar slapen migraine.. Morgen shoppen met de liefste sannedamstra en SiskadeRoos
Katie_O_Connor Movies like that usually are just like greese2
Got tickets to see florenceandthemachine in March!!
I was gonna go Trafalgar square today as well
Stop holding every little thing over my head
Sometimes i wish everybody would leave me alone
Made in Chelsea! I cannot wait! :D
Decided there is a lot of changes to be made in 2012   definitely moving on and starting a fresh!!!
BestofGemini on the real though I dont believe I've ever read a complete book..its either the beg. middle or end ...smh
Knowledge puffs up...but love it edifies.
My Teachers Gray back hair is crawling out of his shirt!!! Trying to take over the world?? Fucking Worried!
Boys that go for a down grade after they been w/ you <<<
Hoy pecho bicep! gym!!! 65 lbs en cada lado :D
Two reasons why friends scream like crazy here at home: UFC and a great Soccer game.
Feeling good about finals because im not going to study..because i actually listened all year in class
Finished the hunger games trilogy in 3 days?
Cable modem can't get a signal and it takes Mediacom until Monday to get a tech out here.
Départ de Brest, sans avoir gouté au port, la rade, ce qu'il en reste, le vent dans l'avenue Jean Jaurès...
my mother said bangin in public today
Truly blessed with everyone in my life 
KingThabo061 and you know if they can't kiss chances of them being good in bed are zero to nothing...
Good things coming in the next few weeks!
lindsaylohan I miss you in movies :(
I got a part in senior spotlight :) new experiences
I feel so blessed and happy.
wow just realized my birthdays in 7 days woooo
I miss my TL
Relaxing by the pool on this warm summer night
Olive garden and Going to see breaking dawn sounds so good right now!!!
“HomoKayyDaFemm Tat my name! So that I know that it's real! Love”
I can't believe I've not broke my otter box yet!
Why does David Aldridge look so jumpy? He keeps laughing and bouncing around in his chair.
Phone vibrates. Just an email.
jjeyez im good. i just got to the gym.
dawnfilio wow!! Sana maview q s fb or kht sn.. excited :p
Kerryella123 get to see you tomo :)
You are Loved! Do not Give Up ~
Brother markenjah seems so busy right now..
I mean to stuff my face royally (gods know I can afford to now).  Get ready to chow down!
Everyone is a steelers fan nowadays
Finna head to the surgical center! Omg!!
Another day on gods green earth
Hittin the bag
I haven't eaten candy for over 2 months!
Toddler boys clothing sections always disappoint me
This day 2 weeks
going to the play
At Shakeys with a bunch of lil girls screaming in my ear!!
fake lilly lovers are my pet peeve... if you don't own any piece of lilly, don't post about how much you love it...
Shoutout to my sis (biological) Flora for passing the CMO on her first try!
Sum females jus b so lovehungry....doin wateva wit whoeva jus so dey can say dey got a nigga on a social network
ItsmeJaviG I'm about to watch Sherlock Holmes 2.
Take the music away and you'd still have 2 best friends.
oh I love coming home to nice warm dinner of.....cereal -_-
IsisPaperzZ LMAO! I DIDN'T THINK ANYONE SAW THAT!
Sadly I have to go to school and ball practice. :( luckily I get to see my boyfriend that I haven't seen I 5 days :))
OMG. My winter break is going to be sooo boring.
Act like what was said in them texts for you to do wasn't clear as daylight!
GatorSwamps that's what im talking bout man.
i just survived another end of the world Happy 11/11/11
Funny how you're being the jerk when you're the one who did something wrong, not me.
Best friend is coming home today! Can't wait :) Pray4Abi  thankful <3
Gotta Work Tomorrow And Its Raining Like Hell So I Cant Finish Demetrius Christmas Shopping. So Ima Have To Try And Do It Friday.
ShelbyChavarria but then you don't get presents... lonely </3
one month till christmas<3
went into the biggest pinata/candy store and got myself all this chilly candy & hotcheetos from mexico :)
When 40 yr old men bitch out 14 yr old girls
SarahThK ok :/ bonne nuit mon chou
chillen at adriennes! just got back from giving food to the homeless. proud.
Omg stfu and gtfo
Yah boy is ready to hoop
This Dog NextDoor Boutaa Die
Texas chainsaw massacre makes me wanna throw up
starweaver soozscott Me too ... How can a Judge who is partial 2 Sandusky B the 1 who makes that kind of decision?
On the way to a little get together! :P
ew please learn to spell nonghetto
uh oh self control
Not sure why I even bothered..
Also, Wednesday and Friday I will go to Knott's :) gonna be a fantastic week.
Train up a child... On the way 2 school he says: Praise the Lord Mommy, hallelujah! Proverbs 22:6 Amen.
InSuperSJ masa sih min? pantes DAEBAK..!!!
You really turned out to be such a
He is the best teacher i have ever had! taught me everything i need to kno to be successful in the medical field
Yay I got accepted to Point Loma! I'm for sure going to college!
helpin my bestie with her issues
uhhhh having a day
s/o to TheNFamousBills for being a down to earth girl that play GTA
I got to see and talk to my grandparents today..... They can be so uplifting... Especially my grandfather
when I sing with my headphones on i sound like a god, then when i take em off... whole different story
A1 steak sauce is sooo good
Watching 16 candles! One of my favs  
Well..there goes getting any sleep tonight -__-
Since when is it cool to hurt the people that care about you most?
When people don't text back.
tikachu just got super excited !!!
I need a gym buddie, well a girl gym buddie, Andrew's to manly when i work out ha : )
you never want megan hyatt and jordan wolfe to be in the same room together.....
bout to shred with smo_for_days and sacco
RPpatronildos Mas tem aquele ditado os olhos q ñ ve coração ñ sente né.
less than three hours! MajorsAndMinors Excited :D
DanicaHare 600 pounds 10 million reps
Ew our appetizer for dinner is fried pickles ThrowUpInMyMouth!
Boys are stupid. End of story.
S_hade_ roger won :) 6:3 6:0 yes, he played incredible!!!!!!!
Amelia sings an Avril Lavigne song and I know all the words... Totally didn't go to two of her concerts
OMG SHUT UP. No one cares
Sprint made my day todayyyy .
The guy at the picnic table next to me is eating dried ramen noodles out of the package
In Extremo em Regensburg. Vai ser lindo de se ver e lindo de viver.
I'm about to get my hair cut....
Sooo apparently Mexican restaurants in milwaukee serve alcohol without asking for ID's. hello piña coladas :)
I want my college acceptance letters to come in the mail already!
ObliviousKnits atknitsend I've heard that about yellow too. The reason why it's a bad nursery colour.
MarioSerranoLiv I'm going to listen to ur mix on soundcloud right now I'm gonna let u know what I think ;)
I can't get chopped today cuzz all barbershop are closed..
Really dwn nd sad...DEPRESSED!!!
I just realized that i am nearly halfway to be able to buy a new acoustic!
Took 3 Advils to feel better, and I still can't sleep. Ugh annoyed.
I feel like you gone find somebody else when we ain't talking. :/
Jun2daKAY JAYBUMAOM 0430yes While faith makes all things possible, it is love that makes all things easy.
Love my life and I'm so happy!
3 minutes. That's how long until my girls pull in the driveway.
THIS IS IT! FINALLY, 14 NOVEMBER! 5 more hour to last o level paper and 6 more hour to freedom! excited!
Going to get stuff for nordic!!! Gonna be a great season!!!
$$0.m.B ()vA Hur---> Fhuk Whadd Yhu Heard$$$
now everytime i hear that..ima think of him.
You always ask me for favors....
LaurenPope complimented alex on her hair that I did thrilled :)
That awkward moment when you accidentally follow the wrong person
WhtChaMOECalliT sooo u graduating sat and didn't tell nobody
Brandon_Murrow where's my best friend at?!?!
Fuck. This. I'm dropping out.
fuck getting called off of work at the last minute today, i could have been in ann arbor
I haven't started Xmas shopping yet
just lost all my music on my terabyte.
It fucks my head up that I've knwn u for how long? & u don't knw that much abt me.. Disappointed..
......So....cool....way to piss me off.....just what I wanted today...... annoyed.
I have lost so many friends this year.
lucienodramma euh c'est quoi ces tweets de déprimés du vendredi soir !! be happy my bitch
Stop being so obsessed with yourself
Sitting in the car eating starburst while at the track.
Deep pan pizza topped with tomato sauce, analogue cheese flavour and mozarella cheese!
_LIKEOFCOURSE xLunaaaa GEFELICITEERD MET JULLIE PAPA !!
gonzylla yuanshengyu What did you end up going with? I went Pack, Boys and Niners.
Mixed feelings, mixed emotions, bitter morning.
this day is going by tooooo slow.
So the kids above me are paying me back for writing them up by stomping so loudly it makes my ceiling shake
kortneyspaeth: worse...when people blow AND snap bubbles of gum in movies. I wanted to punch this lady and she was SO oblivious.
jrobinson17 after the last two choices your now banned from selecting films
PythaCrank Ah well, I'm glad you enjoyed them and am sure you'll find a way to overcome the disappointment
Jump to conclusions why don't you..
.......Where is my tutor
Just saw a ten year old getting COD.
This could only ever happen to me
Feels good to sit down and eat after hours of working
zoebrenner so saw a commercial for that yesterday! Like they must be running out of ideas for kid toys...
Curran333 this is true. New muppets movie next year and new tv series
Simple minds do five tracks from each of their first five albums on March 4 at the Olympia
Nelly_Mo seeing you in concert tomorrow! Yeeeeeeee
Done with finals! Done with this Semester! Time to CheeeeeeelXD!
i told my bae that he eat ass & he walked away . Hurt ,
That sounds good Dylanoneill3   Drown our sorrows in food and lets get ready for Tuesday
Ate with my family and about to eat again with the Bennetts.
I hate going to the doctors....
Dear QuiBids,people aren't fucking retarded,they know they can't get a MacBook Pro for $18.00 and the bitch in the commercial...
UShouldBeHappy when he calls u late @ night,, its simply becouse he want 2 here ur voice before he goes 2 sleep
Wtf everyone is getting acceptance letters
Wish tomorrow would come already. (:
Just saw the grimmest shit on Facebook while eating lunch
Hungry =D hubby making me me lunchh >.<
How magnificent is GOD? Praise and Thank Him today as you SHARE His love with a stranger.
Never wanna grow up & never wanna slow down
Tawkin to the boo
Basketball try-outs tomorrow, oh boy. nervous :(
Going out for dinner with the rentals
Just had a 10 min with the reiter fam:)
14 days until key day whoop whoop!!!!
ManthaRainbowss hand says she loves me! How special do I feel! :) soo ready to here the rest of your story girl!
I'm going to miss Coach Sherman!
Albany High ragedy ass gym....they gotta stop the game to put the cushion back on the back board! Lmao
Hehe :) I do hope so! “ilupaulaabdul: Sportycb PaulaAbdul I think she's secretly reading them ALL. ;) Pamily thankful”
Haven't felt like this for awhile, but I've gotta say I think I could get used to this
It's so dark today! I mean really, who has to turn their lights on at 11am in a room with at least 3 large windows?
Can't wait for saturday, really want a lie-in
cuz i'm real [remix]
Just watched water for elephants with my
I don't know how many times imma explain to this fcuking guy !  I think I'm just gonna say goodnight & go sleep .
His GRACE is bigger than my SINS. thankful :)
So Far Gone mixtape is still dope
I can't wait for my nail appointment anxious!
that moment when you sit in your parked car just to hear a song you havent heard in forever
people think WAAAY to much
Christmas CD for my car!
Knowledge speaks but wisdom listens.~Jimi Hendrix
My ears couldn't get anymore itchy
I tweet this too much but your and you're is not that damn hard to distinguish
When ur mon works with a bunch of really cute women and she signs u up to work with her ItsaGoodDay and I get paid
Noctortill6 waterfordcc Absolutely no problem with WLR FB. But FB is very very diff from Twitter & WLR has not yet cracked it.
jbuckem appreciate it 4real bro
The two who shouldn't be here are fighting downstairs. If one of them leaves... HAPPY :>
I hate enthusiastic girls.
My boss made me happy..she made a comment & said that it looks like I loss weight & look great
Twilight is the best display of a dream that will never come true.
ktflip14 is going with AlwaysConner to pick up LaurelWilliamso.
Going to cirquedusoleil today! Soo
Thats funny how a person can say such mean things about people wow
My schedule for the 2012 spring semester has been confirmed and I only have two more exams!
I need something to do tonight
The Universe corresponds to the nature of your song.~Reverend Michael Beckwith
kimberbabyyxo hahaha hastagsrthebest and i didint even notice that till now
Moms Just Left For Work Lonely :'(
TreciaKneCole I've been waiting for ur video to drop all daaaaaay!!! :))) excited >.<
heathbar94 just thought you should know I love you. When is the next day it's bring a friend to dance
Just got a chest x-ray and my lungs are very healthy.
There are too many jets fans here. I never know if the eagles did something good or bad.
Either I'm nocturnal or I'm thinking way too much to fall asleep.
Y is it so dark
GazetteGirlz Thankful for my business partner- Heidi Koffman! Love you Heidi! :)
Hold on when everything around u falls to pieces <3 thebirdsongs
Pisses me off when people take ages to reply
Cannot wait for January to get here! Hurry up! excited!!
Finna go bac to bed
When you don't know what's going on
FREE, customizable CHRISTMAS erotica story you can e-mail to your sweetie! HoochyMail.com
-_-RT 2_AboutThatLife: Finnah go watch this girl play one time , she better be serving
going too sleep early
For all the celebs who have retweeted ATB!
Okay ew why was I so unattractive in high school
cooper ate my both my uggs :( im sooo sad ilovedthem...RIP
I can't even go hard on fat friday without feeling guilty
Educating_HOES Thx :)...but u dont fwm no more tho :/...sad lol
On my way to open source day.
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age. ~Anais Nin
Stop fucking tweeting every five seconds. annoying.
Go Blue is trending! Big game Beat Ohio State!
gronk IS A MONSTER
If i don't answer, don't keep calling me.
Dear taryn... HOLY SHIT! I forgot i had all these (:
Booked train home for xmas!
So my son wakes up and see all this candy on the bed and his got big lol can u say
This is England 88.
My first cooking in RobbyFebriann house, hopefully they like.
i feel like there's really no drama after this game surprising yayy :)
at this time of the night nobody tweets, and it's really not even that late
Went try hard in basketball today ..
Going to lunch with my daddy tomorrow! :)
Hopefully going to moa for black Friday!
No school for 2 and a half weeks- Christmas in 9 days :)
It always seems that my boyfriend has basketball practice late when it's boyfriend weather.
Helll yeahhh broncos! 5 straight for my tebow :)
Skipinder anyone else request the Vengaboys?
Dirty dancer op fm
On my way to the airport yay
Just started this solo wardrobe styling yesterday and already got 2 shoots lined up this week Excited :)
Nothing but thoughts of m. Butterfly.
skunkelberrypic you played great tonight! proud :)
ready to be home right about now
Watching the grinch in bed with a cuppa.
Its 940 and I still have half battery newphone love!
yummm. gummieworms. my new favorite thing ever. love.
job hunting with beccalikeaboss next week. we're that cool :P
At the end we all want the same thing.. WE ALL WANT
You are coming back today! :DDDDD
när man inser att det är fredag imorgon tack vare tetris
Brought my tickets to go see the blackeyedpeas next week! My 1st concert ever! excited yay (:
I don't hate people, I just feel better when they aren't around.
I hate my life.
austincorini is almost at 1,200!<3
midweek number 1 for gby!! Yay!
that amazing feeling when  you realize you have a four day weekend.
sooo happy driving to school people think the speed limits 30 when its actually 45
Early Winter - Gwen Stefani -
Looks like I'll be spending my christmas break doing remedial work.
When you shutdown you laptop and wanna go bed but it then decides it wants to install updates grrr
I sincerely hope that wasn't real fur, Ms Rolland!!!
Leannedubs put some bangles on and call yourself samantha ;)
gophuckurself12 awh bub guy nothin a slap and tickle can't fix
You update Facebook like it's your twitter
Just wants to be completely happy for once.
IForgiveYou for not flushing that J-shaped stool.
Religious tolerance is not TOLLERANCE when you care then it is simply called
So over everyone's bullshit
I wanna subscribe to peoples tweets but I just hate my phone blowing up ALL the time.....
You know  its real when wells Fargo call you back !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!__
I've been blessed with the best friends in the entire world, and I wouldn't trade them for anything
People these days =
Gas station advice: if someone tells you 2 get randomest drink you can, DO NOT get the spearmint,  honey Sweet Leaf green tea!
Work in the morning.
it's snowing HAPPY  <3
heather_mundy come back into my room :(
In a horrendous mood. Had to leave final tech to go to work. Somebody fix it please.
Home after Lee Evans with some cheese on toast :)))
Now heading down 2 Boca Raton, FL 2 check in 2 the hotel and rest 4 tomorrow.. Gotta wake up early and get ready 4 the big night :)
I am on a date wit CO_WitDatLeen
Working til six then two days offffffff :-)
Ugghh I really don't wanna go back to Daytona!!! But atleast ill only be there three days:)
Why is this lady so worried about me ?? You would think she was my man smh o_O irritated AF
Last lesson of 2011 will be History. Would be fun, but we're doing stupid exam stuff Joy -_-
Profs who start laughing after every sentence are
So happy my moving to hawaii plans are working perfectly thanks for the awesome job opportunity
Drew brees is playing madden on us!!!!
I hate little kids on Xbox!
Makes me sad when people don't know who Charlie Chaplin
My house smells so much like Christmas
My mom took my christmas list pretty well actually!
1194please follow me back! everytime i see the OLLG in the stage i say THATSHOULDBEME DEPRESSING justinbieber
Louis_Tomlinson please please folllow me! your bangin' and seeing you in concert in 17 days excited!
Uuuuug I can't believe u converse with him
The frozen yogurt is the best thing in this cafeteria smh
i'm kinda scared to fly, its my first time -_-  going shopping when i get to go shopping :D
Why do people complain so much on here?
Thanksgiving has been treatin me right.!!
I'm veryy thankful for my friends & family, my loved ones, and the people who that I inspire much!
One more class to go!
ThatAwkMoment when you realize kaciebaugus never texted you back, but she tweeted you...
I Swear life has a grudge against me and just won't allow me to be happy
It snows EVERYWHERE but where I live-__-
I really hope your just kiddin
My heart is hurtin so bad right now <|3
“greysonchance: On my way to the Philippines! manila excited”
IM SICK OF CURLING MY HAIR.
crowderband See u guys Saturday in Longview.
Don't you just hate it when your watching a cooking program and something looks so good but you can't eat it
At the Dill house w/o WhatsThe_Dill
Making biscuits with mi mom ...
ihartbama We just need to give the poor boy a break. Set him up with a gimme. Something! IDK.
I know the snow an ice just started but it can stop anytime now, already
Discussing my future with my mom and sisters..not a good idea.
For desserts and people who know how to make them well.
didn't see SunniSweetheart today :/
I'm not jealous of your downgrade but I will give you an A for effort
Things on my bed: computer, polar bear stuffed animal, katana, applesauce, clothes (small mountain), & me.
My 2 exams went well today
I love my life
I need new friends cuz these bitches piss me the fuck off
I lay down my head , & lift my hands & pray to be only yours !
can't figure out how to make my twitter background, as a big picture because it just goes small.. UGH
honestly those 3am texts are ridiculous...like wtf are you doing go to sleep
Please distract me from the tests I should be studying for...
So I applied at zumies! Hopefully they call me.
Eating, sleeping and reading all day. It's been too long since I've done nothing
Sub 4 ms.bullington:) HAPPY!
i really enjoy when i have castlelearning for biology, &all of the answers are on google,
sophiesnotsalty I mean I guess that's okay it's not like I thought I was your favorite cousin.....
On oovoo wit PrettyKeyyy in she getting drunk smh her n ExoticQueen89 taking shots over oovoo
Hate when your hanging out with someone and they care more about a guy and just ignore you.
That girl should not be in madrigals
That feeling when you need to sneeze but it wont come out.
Why settle for ANYTHING when someone is willing to give you the world?!?
I don't even wanna know how much weight I gained...
Out of class, about to get my sisters
Goin to sleep in my own beddd
How one person can completely change your mood
By this time next week I will have run the 5k youth race in the marathon with Nadine_Mdeihli lynnykm MayaBJr & our other friends
if only life weren't so complicated
ITS RAINING, I AM AGGRAVATED, AND I SEE HOW THIS NIGHT IS GONNA END. 5 DAYS NO ARGUING AND I SEE IT'S GONNA END TODAY.
i could watch TheEllenShow all day long.. no one i believe in more! ultimatedream is to attend one of her 12 days of christmas shows
Can't wait for ShayBeKillnEm birthday
KyleGreene65  try being the only one on the bus.....
I can't stand when the bottom of my pants get wet...
About to watch
Ten days till Christmas :)
Seriously dont get you sometimes..
MichaelAllstar haha we so excited to see you too! Buying my tickets during buisness class tomorrow w/ st0rmyskies ;)
iQuoteBieber_ Congrats!!! You deserved it proud :D
actually got shit accomplished today !
Someone call/text me......
59 minutes of fantastic football and the game ends with a punter flopping for a first down
sloooow buffering on YouTube
.she will do wateva for a ngga too talk too her
Eating then going to bed.
Fuck. Idk why I get like this.
Talking to Athi still makes my day, after so many years 
Yu fuk my bitch ima burn 1 w/ yuRT FILIPINA_ATL: A  nigga can fuck 10000 bitches with no remorse but if someone fucks HIS bitch, he HURT.
Reaching my breaking point
I have more blocked numbers than contacts .. Lol someone bout to get added to that list to
a un badge pour le prochain who's next en janvier :) yessssss
Well, now that everyone is tweeting about bama it's about that time...
Old teacher of mine, charged over bullshit... Praying for you Aldana!!!
lissy182 HannahLeBanana   that IS weird!  3 more sleeps!
14 more days til Christmas
Ahhhhh my jaw keeps clicking when I eat
Today is Granny's birthday! I will always miss her, thankful for a guardian angel watching over me from heaven
5 hours until my last exam....
Omg what?!?! There's hot water in my house?! That never happens.
liedra it's very special, very local. We all argue about it.
By the way, great concert tonight :3 you all did so good! and kudos to my groups sopranos for hitting the right note!
this slow music makin me horny 0_O but i dont wanna turn cuz i like every song -_-
I should have my license.. Better yet learners
youre the only reason that i'm not afraid to fly, and its crazy that someone could change me
They're four children sitting beside be right now smacking their mouths eating taffy.
So stuffed watching compost central roasts.
OMG....SHE DIDN'T COOK, I WENT HOME HUNGRY
AimeeisBlack sorrrry. that describes my mood right now. .-. im just so
Let's get real, spending the day w/him makes me want to vomit, slit my wrist, & jump off a cliff at the same time. This is just 1 day!
braves_6 you never answered me
Still haven't heard from my friend and I know she's in town because the wedding prep is today.
OMFG 49 more till 6k!!! :O
It must be nice to have someone one by ur side that you can trust n be there wen u call them..
Wonderful Sunday!!!! Now time to shut it down for tonight and get some rest...busy week to come...and fun times!
These two days have been going really well ><
I have yet to take a break; Ive been at work all day !
I was too serious, now I have moscato and everything is much better
I Spy: a Half a Square, A Cookie Bucket With an Elf Hat on It, A Styrofoam Clown Nose, a Cd With Sloppy Writin On It, & My Momma.
I hate it when twitter is slow...irritated!
The Christmas shirt I'm wearing tomorrow has my nickname on the back in sparkles (:
If I could right you a song to make you fall in
I'm in love every min. Because u r always in my mind.
I'm tired of these interviews and performances!! I miss people singing on FLOATS!!! Get it together!!
Little_Lindsayy taydyke7 mrmitchellevans HalleeeeAnnnn throw up in my toilet right now
Cheesin from cheek to cheek
I'm coming home for Christmas :)
Yes de bus is er
Radioactive, Fear and loathing and living death are my favorit songs right now. love.
30 DAYS UNTIL ONE DIRECTION GIG and 34 DAYS UNTIL CHRISTMAS
saturday saturday saturday saturday, girls back together and ridiculous outfits
this is the longest amount of time i spent with this dumbass roomate of mine
shelby_teel Sssshhheeelllby...closest I could get! Lol
Omg I worded that test wrong ...
Off to take my last final :p
Slow night,  just making coffee in my brand new trendy french press, thats all. Coffee addicts be jealous.
Exactly 40 day until Christmas!!!!!!
Hope I Get My Phone This Weekend ( =
Season is only two months away for DrillerNation and uifl!!!
Its properly snowing now...exciting!
In July There are no more fireworks exploding, No more butterflies floating Why did the season have to change
me & oomf really wanna talk but somethins wrong : /
Hello Sacramento. We meet again.
So we in St.Louis... if only we could find the house!!!
3 hours until BreakingDawnPart1 midnight showing excitement Twilight
happy 11/11/11 ;D
:( think it's about time I got a new iPod as the sensor is slowly getting worse on this one! :(
JessesGirl17 can't wait for our OTH marathon!
BigTamConnery I'm in my happy wee bubble tonight, Tam. Warm & cosy with a cracking book
Yea, def need a cuddle buddy right now...
It's like I fell in love all over again
Going to watch my 1st Christmas film this year tonight
In so much damn pain -_-
can we talk about how great a movie super8 is?..
Such a blessing to be here today.....
ridiculousness isnt as funny as fantasy factory
I hate watching football with my family. A lot of people yelling about things they don't understand
trying my best to learn photoshop....i said i was trying lol
Dom_Repole52 get your history teacher to stop talking about how his plant is gone
im not quite where i wanna be but im far from where i used to be.
Omg the second I think things get Better they get worse. I'm praying for you <3
Headed to my last class before thanksgiving break!
I really really hate the parking situation at wku
Met a fellow Cascadian at the store. She recognized my KEXP pin.
Are we really having a conversation about high skilled versus low skilled immigrants and placing value on high skilled immigrants?
On the real, I can't believe I did that! Kinda
Seriously cant stand people that eat with their mouths open!
movie nite with (my queen) my moms, since i have nobody else to watch movies with!
I dont want tuesday to come now
It's a ADTR, ATR, and an Alexisonfire kind of Friday.
Getting ready to teach Video Game Theory this Friday at Curry College!
Not able to sleep = Lord of the Rings marathon. I don't mind in the slightest.
Mr roderman is going to get at  me
See you at 6. It's 7:30 and still no sign.
Be thankful for your secret service agents... Goodness & Mercy!! They follow u all the days of your life! They have your back!
Retrieving my results now via SMS.
Going to my parents for Thanksgiving means we have no leftover pie for breakfast today.
michande SLessard Nothing is like a full DMB show :)
when some thing happens to someone when they dont listen
Picking Twin up from the airport round 930 Excited :)
Broyles wouldn't have gotten you 34 points
I hate Being sick.
He always makes me smile!
excitement on peoples faces are priceless
When your teacher is having a bad day and takes it out on the whole class
My sister is fucking loud. It's really fucking annoying.
Onliest person who held me down with the UseATwitterNameInASentence was Rae_KD though lol
May you find inspiration in the big picture but love in the details.
seriously hate how i don't know anything about what i'm suppose to do for this english project
js it's hard to enjoy the single life when your heart still taken
jennettemccurdy you're following 70 people, but not me:(
Why did I think it was a good idea to go grocery shopping in this?
Never anything to eat in my house
Time to write some thank you cards. truly
AlexBierbaum has been here for all of our great stories and talk time
Good things happen if you start giving a fuck
woke my mum up, made her unlock her door, walked into her room, started moaning that I was bored and started chucking teddies at her.
My day has been wonderful
Ou ok my phone just made it worse by freezing whenever it pleases, and it never used to do that
Jealous of my best friends pphaynes and Clara being together!!!!
I Let My Big Dumbass Retarded Dog Sleep In My Bed Everynight.. Say That Ain't Love Goodnight..
How sad! When u do something for 13 years then u have to stop.
Gotta get this off my chest .....
I'm such a lucky girl :)
with a kiss from ya,i touch the heavy and talk with god
Got my outfit for thanksgiving :)
watching college basketball...
its amazing how much better i feel after getting things off my chest.
Just remembered the other night Bigzandy88 casually eating an orange with the peel on
when people hash tag everything.
Presentation in an hour, yikes
off to nyc! wooo
Cinci zoo Christmas lights were amazing
Met WontonLamb's parents today yay! (((o(*ﾟ▽ﾟ*)o)))
Rockin out to Christmas music
PierreBraden how you gonna tell myy mom you gonna text me && never do
Onnw Homee Why Are We Arguing
There's only one word
Thought someone actually txted me but it was just my mom
On the sofa with hot chocolate watching frozen planet
stupid concert band, why must u keep me away from my fencing?
Okay everything your saying is getting so old
music makes the world spin
Hate paying for coffee that taste gross!
I can't believe I just missed 11:11 -_____-
Depressing when I go on twiitter and it says justinbieber is not following jessbubssxx
waiting for that one text from the special someone <3
Jamming to HOTTN. Aaaahhhh i will miss Greyson's show.
Triniinini715 Last football game sunday before the christmas gap.
McDonald's always running out of cookies!!
I'm prob gonna die without my phone and i'm freakingggg out
I'm done trying so hard to be friends with you when you obviously don't want to be friends at all.
living my life just how i want too
Being back at home feel so great :)
meganpatters goddammit I turned the tv on and got excited but then I realised it said desperate scousewives.
My baby Christmas program went great
Krysnee omgni.didn't no I sent that to yu wrong tweet was ment for someelse sry
I have my pandora on already, you're 7 feet away - shut that shit off!
I don't understand that point of drinking & driving!! Why so you can lose everything or get a DUI? Is it ever worth it?!
This Pizza Hut big dinner box bout to be LOVE!!
finally bought Drake's Take Care album!
“What is love? two souls and one flesh; friendship? two bodies and one soul.” ― Joseph Roux
Get to see amandamcenroe's christmas tree! excited!
Hmmm another lonely Friday night in the house......Smh
Probably just had one of the best sandwiches of my life.
Hot chocolates with momma and dada bell feelingchristmasy just need the tree up in the bell household :) hehehe
Russel Peters Christmas with ma boi theclease tonight! Doin' some packin' too
Cousin is playing guitar while the whole fambam sings Hotel California. Love my crazy, not-so-perfect family.
Guastella7 k but wat happened to Absolute
Crowell, what an idiot.
Confirmed: Miley's movie 'So Undercover' will be the first movie to hit theaters next year!
I can't wait for KKTNY tonight, gonna be interesting anxious Cody_Murphy21
RhiFletch he's even the background on my phone......
Dont call me a princess or a drama queen just because of my past and the people i used to be around.
the grinch is on!
Is it just me who doesn't get Google+ .... I mean, the circles are awesome and everything, but then what...
Meeting about CAMPUSTHEBAND 's future recording plans with an awesome company
Turns out when a Toll says 'Coins Only' it means coins only
Why women think they NEED a man?
Got stupid drunk last night. Lol not okay.
I'm genuinely upset.
Figuring out life
Hate how a can't get a decent sleep after having a drink ..
Somebody's twatchin me   Love lol
why are there flies on the beach?
Harem pants are the best creation ever....
I hate when dudes take pictures && don't SMILE. I mean show some teeth. annoying.
idky i do some of the bs i do
THE GOOD DOCTOR HAS ARRIVED
Can see mjjeje on Show . bliss , :>
Um since when did facebook become twitter? Please stop tagging. And just get a damn twitter if you really want.
The vibraxis machine is making me need a wee!
TheDappy pls cud ufollow or tweet Lisamn09 some1close to her was seriously hurt&shes goin thru a tough time but stayn so strong! Proud 15
Ew all the bathrooms in our school smell like smoke
Lady on my tube looks very much like Annie Wilkes. Freeeeaked. *puts away book*
Seriously bored tonight and wishing I had a grizzly man cuddling me whilst watching Guess Whose Comming to Dinner,the 60s version. Lonely.
travellers actually drive quite nice cars
I've met a lot of girls... not many have hearts.
It makes my heart melt everytime my kids memorize verses. We learned Isa. 9:6 today.
GM Tweeps T.G.I.F  Thankful :)
Jack7Griffiths yeah nearly as bad as those golfers! Shut it you'll never be one of us disgusted.
S/o to the people that put up wit the man/lady bullshit because of that word
My headphones are broken :(
“Ralph137 Up and thankin God 4 everythang Thankful”
westlife are on x factor tonight, yeeeaaa budddy!
Jersey Shore season starts January 5,2012 :D jerseyshore can't wait
Never had this much responsibility but its a good thing cus its teaching me alot. still
Can't believe how some people can lie like they do
It hurts... I can't believe I'm not in depression yet
B4 u leave me can i smash dat way ill nevrr forget dat azz
I don't understand why you would do that?
It feels like friday soo much!
Skyrim has been ordered.
My modeling career starts today and my grandparents are out of town
no no no hell way! i must not feel sleepy! it hasnt been done yet.
Hopey04 oh how I miss Oppie My Koppie
Immature love says: 'I love you because I need you.' Mature love says 'I need you because I love you.' Erich Fromm
How nice michaelrivero08 still buys me whatever i want! Dont think anyone has an ex that does that!!
That awkward moment when I'm trying to get to 2000 tweets and PureColecaine has over 20000....
Abbeycentre has the worst Phone signal ever
Can't wait to have that wonderful iPhone in my hands!
i refuse to text a guy first.. i feel
Retail therapy again!! Yes please!!
I seriously have NO idea where my family is..they've been invisible since...well..since i got home.
Watching home alone reminds me of christmas
yall countin down the days till christmas im countin down the days till christmas in cancun lol
“Allyson_Johnson: Every time I get on Facebook someone else I know is engaged.... isthisreallife?” IKR?! depressing haha
Had a great time wd babylolove..hmmp, never thought we missed each other that much!
Soccer season starts next week :D
I CANT BELIEVE HOW MUCH I FUCKING HATE MY TA.  DID YOU EVEN READ MY PAPER?  ANSWER IS OBVIOUSLY NO
hollardirbs ha yea it was a close race to the bottom. Mines 69. Buuuttttt  don't you ever forget..were the best essay graders.
my 1,000th tweet was to MoniFreng regarding glitter paint and calligraphy ink. how.freakin.appropriate. in all respects.
gagi's photo comments... love partyonalexis
since when have advent calendar window numbers been in order? damn you cadburys for making it too easy
People nowadays fb their problems instead of facing them pointless &
I don't think I'll get a chance to see a play on Broadway while here in NYC. ):
justinbieber if i tell you that i can't stop see SantaClausIsCominToTown, what you will think about me? haha, i loved! PROUD 10
Seriously.. if people don't learn how to walk in the hallways im gonna bug the friggg out !
I hate my family already! Why should I hate the friends closest to me?
One second my dog is sleeping and really nice and te next he's going crazyy..
Why are only half the lights on Mass St. on? lawrenceks
Having a pity party by myself with cheesecake bites tonight.
Dad not working Christmas day for the first time in years
To much has been reminding me of you lately...
My sisters xmas music is about to kill me
I seriously love my bed in Orland. The only thing that's missing is Paul & Mr. Valentine.
Pretty sure I'm gonna have an ugly Christmas sweater party!
braids or not i will still love TreySongz . its not about how he looks . its his music , soul & heart
“Caramente Cant wait to start working with ChuckPhilly215 / PSPDVD for CARAMENTE , excited”
My roommate and her friend have been in the bathroom for the last 2.5 hours and I really gotta take a piss
OMB i thought JB didnt have a grammy nomination this year but he does! for Born To Be Somebody!!
Yesssss he bout to leave so we can keep some damn good in here now smh
South Africa definitely have the best pace attack in cricket. Making mincemeat of the Aussies. Actually supporting Ricky Ponting. worried.
Feeding a one year old baby is kind of gross...
Spelling something wrong on a t-shirt
About to watch happy feet 2.
DeanAdams21 I don't think there's enough time in the world for me to get good enough
Hello Nina Nesbitt's EP, best thing I've done all day.
I am TOO grateful that Frank Ocean was featured multiple times on Watch The Throne.
Il faut que les jours passent lentement ! Le 30 arrive a grand pas !
Wow whole food before work took fooooorever with my damn green drink !!
parang my sampu water jag na puno ng oxygen sa tyan. Haha joy adaviellee carissadelacruz
Never felt this shitty in my life depressed...
Sooner we get back to Texas the sooner I can get back to my life...
“Love is like the North Star. In a changing world, it's always constant.” ― Gordon B. Hinckley
Had a pretty great night! :)
Lolllll jenna marbles videos improve my mood.
People need to follow back:(
On a happier note! My apartment is clean and I'm finally get my hairs cut :) can't wait for jeffrey_marks to get here
Prince_Dior_ not all my fault loser! You don't talk to me no more either!
Great lunch, hahahhah!
Waiting for that text you know you're never going to get.
If you’re not going to tell me something, don’t bring it up.
halliej924 i just found a note from you in purse from last year
I want phil jones' babies, he's making Carrick look very good to,
Running in winter weather in a tank top
first college final tomorow 8 am!!!
This is England 88 is on tonight, been waiting for this for so long!
;Oh Lord Myi Aunt Breaking Out In Hymn Depressed!
When people slam on keyboard in the library
mikpush secret? Ooooo. Rebel. Sounds good lil guy.
Creeping closer to bedtime to be up at 4.40am for work - far too early to go to bed at 8.30pm at 21yr old
ITZKSTAR I JUST WANNA SAY THANKS 4 THE NEWMUSIC I LOVE THE NEW SONG CALLED RhythmMUCH LOVE 2 U TEAMKSTAR4LYFE <3 LGBT_FAMILY
My life is your Entertainment...
Putting up Christmas trees with glee Christmas cd! :)
hate bball cheer season
thisisbabel yes I agree! Where are the good old djs at!? I don't even watch Much Music anymore because they suck! Get some good VJs
Hanging up lights at my moms house now.  This needs to be over quickly.
emmfulton yes! Jean and Evan are going out to dinner with my parents so I have the boys for the night excited <3
Is coming to see all my savannah bffffffs this wknd! :)
Got me some new clothes at da mall
My Husband is home!!! My Husband is home!!! My Husband is home!!!
45 minutes until AUSTREAM AustinMahone
Today: Got my phone stolen. Got in a wreck. Got a ticket. Almost got another ticket.
JoJo's Marvin's Room =
OMFG!!! I've just bought a new and incrediblewonderfulmarvelous Bowie AladdinSane T-SHIRT! :D
soft kitty,warm kitty, little ball of furrrr sheldonandpenny bigbangtheory love!!
1st batch of visitors just left...:-( sad but no worries coz another batch are comin' this week plus my weeklong bday celeb too!:-D
There's only so many times you can listen to All That Jazz without seriously wanting to hurt the people singing it on repeat!!!!
Pizza hut's new Big Dinner Box is ridiculous.. And only $20!!!!!!
shellz_MY_name yeaah!! :D ii cant waitt till tryouts
someone's car alarm is going off
I usually only com outta my rm 1x a day wen evry is awake...
Been so busy lately, I forgot to twitter-gloat: I'M GOING TO THE UK AND IRELAND IN MAY! For 12 days!
TCU vs LaTech is actually a good game.
I'm trying to brush it off but I haven't talked to babe in almost three days
Church was amazing! Perfect way to start off my day!
fah0_0fah yeah that sucks......thast why im always over there....or at mamma house :/
Heady1313 nooo no no no YOU rock!!
So happy with my phone recently, got my lovely new case and it is actually syncing with my computer for the first time in months :'D
I've been asleep for around 5 hours.. And when I woke up, I checked my phone.. Nothing.
got this mix i wanna upload to soundcloud..but wont let me because of copyright violation :(
Breaking dawn later with RowiePimentel moniquelimguan mashiouish !!
Thapz_Flame thank u Thapz. I'm most humbled. Do enjoy...
Sa wakas umayos na din sya!!!
No Christmas cards in the mail
“JayBanks21: Wakin up second period finally>>>>>> Love”
Ohh the perks of havin t-mobile.
--Ready to spend time with the boyfriend later! :)
I wanna tweet a pic of how ridiculous my bedroom is . There is a gigantic mountain of clothes .
I am so ready for this weekend. It is gonna be insane. No joke. My party pants are washed and ironed
Road test in 2 days...
That family member who gets that uncomfortable silence every time they open their mouth.
When hubbs1221LD  doesn't text me back I get deeply
Shut you're mouth before I shut it for you. You piss me off. Annoyed.
Stoked for NXN. cant wait to watch my girls race one more time as a team this season
Brother: Any books you want for Christmas? Me: The new Daniel Nayeri. Brother: They didn't have it so I just got something else. Me:
Bad is killing me, having cramps, now my head hurts. Why don't somebody just shoot me now.
I hate cleaning! Uhh but who does like it.. tired &
End of OT still tied 0-0 talk about drama.
had my consultation for my tattoo today =S ah
DrJoeyBass well done for tonight bro. Man did me
i wish i didnt just see that.
Kateee_24 Haaahahah omg I hate that too...I get excited then it's for nothing.
Lmao subtweeting next to me
BlkStoneCherry tickets are £16.50? a bargain if i do say so myself <3 bring on 2012! best year for music of my life :') excited music #<3
I hate creepy people who COPY everyone.
Stop saying 'swag' after everything. You have no swag !
The thought of what is happening on the other side of that door angers and sickens me.
Three more days left with the kids followed by one day of tidying my classroom then BOOM Christmas holidays are here!
Scuze me why has Selena Gomez been snubbed.
i swear tfl get a kick out of pissing me off
Been to all my lessons this week
ConnorStevens01 i dont know if i care.. I heard what you said about me
halie_logan is one of the sweetest girls I know.
Oh... sorry thought u were him
Warming my hands on the bowl of the hot soup I'm about to devour on a cold winter's day.
I have such great friends who will not only let me borrow their nail polish but will paint my nails too!
Getting my Concords today man
this time next week my exams will be over, and it will only be 10 days to christmas, oh.my.god.
I'm just gonna say it... Ryan Gosling has a lisp... Or something... Wtf man?
8 more days till breaking dawn comes out!!!:D
Dese damn PNP ppl at ma rass gate ! Grr
I'm Gona Be Late For Class , Why Even Bother Going Anymore -.-
All alone in the house with RanaAlKattan
This damn studying for my final and start of a head cold is not workin' for me!
kbrooks0708 just entered the building
MY LAST DAY AS A STUDENT...i hope i catch that bus
ashlyn1025 hope your monday goes well.
Off to see Breaking dawn now!
Hello December! 25 days till Chrostmas starts now! (:
So happy that my twin sister, future brother in law, and baby niece are in town.
Looking back a year ago, I didn't see myself where I am now.. but everything was worth it, every single thing.
Stop being sore losers.
funny how one phone call can turn your whole week around.   happy.
Now that it gone, i look in the mirror and i feel like i look odd :p
I made it!
Wine, take out sushi and 2 awesome girls.
Just thought I'd catch up on mondays One tree hill and then realised it isn't on anymore!
having an absolute shocker today! i just spilt tomato sauce all over my skirt, thank god it was black!
MY ONLY DREAM IS TO SEE YOU NOTICE ME, follow me please, NEVERsayNEVER love¨¨
I hate struggling to fall back asleep!
& I'm supposed to sit here and have faith?! In what?!
Candy cane lane is nothing compared to what it once was.
I have a good work schedule this week super
count ya blessings...not problems
Waiting FOR tommorow
Some big people make you want to call them fat
I hope everyone has a Happy Thanksgiving eve.
nothings better than laying all cozy in bed with TheREALshokett love :)
I heart double dates!
can't believe my jeans ripped...in the butt... while i was standing infront of my class
the elevators at this damn hospital are a fucken joke.
God damn you Arkansas
skypilotofhope  one of the anomalies of the matrix, I think.
aww at sam kenny calling me at a tinie tempah concert so I can listen
I wanna go to PA over christmas break :(
days you're surrounded by people but you're just lonely :/
When I tell ppl I dont drink or smoke and they say that will change it just makes me not wanna do it even more just stfu
Why can't people just grow up?
tino515 awwwwwwwwww look at tino !!! PROUD :)
I remember the time I caught PLABOYKRONICLES and Dr. Rashid doing lines on the steps of Murphy.
I don't know if I like losing ODOM and Pau for cp3
everyone needs to learn how to be their own person. If you born an original don't die a copy.
Love hurts sometime times heal but time can also make it worst you past someone your passion hoping that they hold you an grasp it..
Just as I thought I was about to be stood up, you came thru. There's still something between us
hmfer11 is going to schoool ! Finally (:
Im just so glad that JLodancers follow me. Makes me happy. ;) JLo ya wanna follow me too? Lol don't let anything hold u back LOVE <3 ;))
I got a B+ on my history test. Didn't study AT ALL.
5 more days until Jesus birthday!!!
bout to hit this road and meet my moma half way nd see my niece
Yes Janet and Marcus are through
Kim & Kourtney Take New York, Love & Hip-Hop Season 2, Braxton Family Values Season 2
Everything's adding up, been through hell and back, that's why...
I have to turn off my mobile.internet just to stay off twitter to keep my phone from dieing :'( Sad lol .
Scan ass people need to leave me alone already idgaf about you and your girlfriend
rain always makes everything worse
It's been a looong day and I still have a paper to write. I just wish I could sleep for the next week.
lost my 'E' charm for my necklace.
Nunny is making me supper. love <3
Its so unattractive that bitches is really trynna resort to guns! To busy trynna be like a nigga!
About to remove all mirrors in my rooms.
TinyMajorMama just followed u hope u follow back teamfollowback love MzzStarKid
AnnaJacob90 happy 21st! Love you so so much!
I think my happiest moments are when I wake up during the night and realize I can still sleep for 3 more hours.
Wisenheimer There's a gorgeous old Underwood on my stepdad's desk that I covet. I've told him the second he's cold, it is MINE.
gay gurls swea they be in love sooo fast...!!  smh...
I think im moving...to florida
Why does everyone talk louder when i'm trying to watch something?
We bout to close this day, GREAT weekend! Special shoutout to my baby classi_blowinb Happy Birthday boo, lookin forward to many more!
ShoutOut to my bm one time
Lifes good right now, God is great! <3
Sooo ready for my Birthday..... excited :)
Since my Nantucket Blend coffee arrived yesterday I am brewing myself some. Okay, well my Keurig is.
dads watching a documentary on facebook.
Hates how it's so hard2 find bf Christmas gift,yet it's so easy4 guys2 get u one.
health news articles are so
Woke up to a shocking call
slizsmithx i'll bring the heater round yours tomorrow! delightful!
DON'T WANT TO START THIS DAAAYYY!! :(
KaraWayne i'm good, just enjoying my break from school! how about you? oh guess what, i'm doing another flash mob!
so basically the only thing I've learned from studying biology today is that were slowly destroying the earth
Got my cousin & my aunt praying for me.. So I know God got my back..
About to go see my abuelita <3 haven't seen here in years!
Elizabeth and I are kicking off Momma-Daughter Day by eating a huge breakfast at The Broken Egg.
Never thought I would have grades that bad
Learn when You should b selfish and when you should compromise. Both have a time and place in a relationship.
done with my first semester of college! :)
Readyyyy to move, december needs to hurry cause I'm ready for our new house & my new room. :)
Are flip phones 1G or 2G hahaha Oomf knows
No like wtf. Back to work now...
Sometimes the only way to touch someone, is to just touch thier HEART <33
Hate to brag, but I bought the best graduation gifts ever for my little sis, who 'ain't so little now that she has a master's degree.
Nothing like having someone else's spit on my desk and on top of that sticking my finger in it....
Ready to go home.. irritated.
those texts that make your stomach drop and your lungs contract...
DAR_kNbeautiful had a good time with you today i thought i was gonna get in trouble and its back normal
Woooo! My hairs actually grown xP
I wish I had someone to text
Seriously. . If I could live anywhere, it'd be Charming Charlie's....
RachaelGrass_ Yeah I'm fine, just getting a bit aggravated lol. Nothing the 17th December can't sort out though ;) So excited!!
2 hours away from black friday!!
Enjoying Sunday with my hubby before he goes on 3rd shift!!
Give all the glory to HIM.
Every jam/party/event gets shut down because a group of brown guys get mad that they got brushed
Usually i dont have anyone to txt. Now my phone is getting blown up by like 10 people
Why Harry_Styles made an askharry when I'm not here?
supbrittytitty I guess I'm not amazing
well, you definitely were not who I built you up in my head to be.
Blessed to have my fantastic five! graciepick emmmakochh swacy katekelljell
KREAYSHAWN 's new twitcon >   im in
2 nights in London and 1 in Cambridge? Polish my nuts and serve me a milkshake! England bitch-faces.
I can't look at my portfolio too much.
This song is doing my head in! Everything has been moved out of time! Rage!
Is it to early to put a Christmas tree up?
cannot cannot cannot stand racist people!! seriously, people need to think before they tweet.
Power is out
why do i have to clean this house eevryday, like im the only one who lives here?!
Ass hole sub but people acutally brought foooodd.
lauratownsendx it's coming up to Christmas. You should be excited.
Happy thanksgiving:) I'm thankful for the family that's been there for me through my ups and downs, and also for my amazing friends.
Im Tried Of Pain This Shit Dont Feel Good Need A Phone Call Hurt!
Last day of school for the week. thankful.
Everytime I get in geometry I get a headache~_~
CANT WATCH ANY EARLY MORNING EPL CUZ I GOT PRACTICE
Urghh... i hate washing dishes
ShaunKing good mini sermon will keep Atlanta & the kids in my prayers.
OoOoOoO getting CherylCole riri shoes for xmas sooo
if I had a dime for every minute that I have actually thought architecture was not going to be challenging… I would have a dime.
IM_SOOO_JUICY SURE DO NEED IT CAUSE DEY DON'T CARE OR IT SEEMS LIKE DEY AIN'T TRYN 2 SOLVE DEM!!!
Going to have a look at what xmas decs we have at weekend ,want to visit DoddingtonHall bauble barn!
catoakey I wana read the twitter badly but trying nt too! Just started. Woooo
Seriously.. Where are my headphones? What's wrong with me..? Lost over 6 headphones and counting.
Wow. Looks like ima spend thanksgiving alone and ima end up eating whatever I make myself... Lonely ...
msladyguns so why dnt i have a record wit you and Chetta on it!! Disappointed smh
Can't do nothing without getting a speech from parents!
having a great thanksgiving being with awesome people
Hanging with the boyfriend. Then a full night with the girls! :)  excited!
i wanna talk to my boyfrienddddddddddd!
iamsrk Yup, nd I'll be da lead female!!
So many guys cheating on their gfs and then the girl stays with that guy
Megan_Bonner mines huge too!! Haha
1 hour till leave for my first black Friday experience
used to like life as a single muthafuka...
These past few days have been really great. Happy. :)
goodtobealive__ well at least you don't have to repeat it! I think I find out by the 23rd.. still over a week to wait!
3PM and I still haven't eaten. Fuck. I guess it's the
i hate it when you don't save your work.  now i gotta start again
damn wat I do today? idk myself but I always find something to read that juss dnt make sense... & ik it be directed towards me....
making christmas presents for the boys excited :) kayla22miller
GiulianaRancic i'm 40; dgnsd 2 wks ago. Wtg for MRI now to help make decision about surgery. Ur face on tv in waiting rm helped a lot.
God Knows What I Need ,So Its All In His Hands For Now!
sufficient padding and white space in compositions are some of the most difficult things to explain to non-designers.
Desire not what others have, and they will love you
Bring me back to freshman year </333
Bitches wanna be niggas, and niggas wanna be Bitches. Wat dis world coming too.
lisalou0910 awright  heres your first tweet
ThingsYouShouldStopDoingInYour30s Saggin ur damn pants! LOOK! I don't give a fugg wut age u is that shit is wack. if u 30 & saggin
ZacKress :) its WeHeartSeddie's idea!
He said he would give me the world if he could
- MANE WE G0T A CRiCKET iN 0UR VENT... UGHH ! iRRiTATED :/
Happy to be home in beautiful Colorado for Christmas break!
QUIT OVER USING 'THAT AWKWARD MOMENT' IT'S GETTING ANNOYING AND OLD!
Just finished a social studies oral omfg I was so nervous. But I think I did it great ! excited!
Out with the girls tonight Excited!!
Finna take my ass to slp disappointed !
RanchodoSol Appreciate your mention. Hope your day is great  ◕‿◕ , filled with * *& Joy !
AlwaysJLover JLO OMG Kate you did an Amazing job!!!! Thnx for letting me be a part of it
Listening to a load of songs from when I was a nipper on youtube and realising some of the best times of my life are behind me
Curzon_Jadzia And to you too my pawsoem furiends! Happy Turkey Day!
I am about to chuck my phone at a brick wall!
Sushi and Christmas Vacation
when you are constantly being let down; you to tend to stop leaning on things. Another weekend thrown in the trash!
n she lives miserably ever after..,untill she meets another asz she thinks loves her to only break her heart again
Thank you google for always being there when I need to do my homework.
actually had trouble coming up with a Christmas list
TheCaptain45 bubbles? ya freak. ever go out in public? I wouldn't if I were you....
saw a little girl yesterday with squeakers in her shoes.
Heading out to praise the love of my life the Most High God he is truly amazing!
Step Brothers  !!!;) JONATIC EXCITED ! hahaha
SimonCowell drewryniewicz my heart was crying for drew. :(
I'm ready to see my family!
jaayy9 I bowled my heart out
KimberlyyCee fucked up on my order
I wish my mom would buy me clothes as often as she does for the dogs
You don't even know me, who are you to sit there and judge me?  notokay annoyed you'relame
ayreannaa_ I love this picture of you that's when it was just you and me against the world.
Yeaaa i got S.W.A.G.  Saved.  With.  Amazing.  Grace.
Resturant in a few (:
Lanii753 hehe well I would say we're twinnies but I didn't even see you at the field hockey game.
Hearing from sju today
Family guy for next 6 hours.
Omg im soo happyy with my grades right now :)
Ahhh Xmas family guy :)
Being single is not what it`s all cracked up to be
LittlecBeadles yayaya really want me to make a gift for a girlfriend's birthday sweater,t-shirt with you:*Love Christmas YesIcan 10
Great weekend at the cabin with papi and dad, already ready to go back!
Growing up, getting later curfews.
Its so annoying when people correct everyone for the slightest spelling mistake or gramma mistake!
I just heard gilmoregirls explained as if it was a soap opera.
Brees is just too good
Think i will take a break watching my team play before i have a stroke or visit the looney bin >_<
just bought a really ugly sweater!
Good news!! My aunt is going to be ok!! She's out of intensive care and is in a private room now. ;)
Woah_der3 you don't text me :/
“markers19570: zzzzzzzzzzzzzz 1-0” You raised it pal...
Damn it feels good to be me; feels like I caught some cold train love supreme.
When girls act like they can't live without their boyfriend <<<<< like get a life of your own
Short work week for me! Very excited! Gonna enjoy every second of it! Lots to do... So blessed & incredibly
WonderMichigan Have a great weekend!
Watching this Casey Anthony story on E.
The way some people eat just makes me lose my appetite
I can't be friends with judgmental people. Show me a perfect person & I'll show you someone who can judge until then shut up.
Some people are ruining there life's ever since mw3 came out....
I hate that I can still see some people's pointless tweets on my TL even if I unfollow them, because idiots retweet their stuff.
I got all 3 of my finals on Tuesday!
my gal bout call me yes
I hate Towson driving/traffic
All on my tot....
That moment when I read BradyIV 's tweets and I just wanna hit the pause button on my life so I can waste five minutes laughing.
Showed grandpa my AA he said his money is going to good use and he'll help me pay for spring semester.
BBQ at the palm in this amazing weather
Hey world, how do I turn off shuffle on my iPhone? For song playlists a mean.
Thankfully or everyone and everything, shit couldn't be bettterr
Thinking about writing them vows
I don't like when you don't do what you say you're gonna do.
Shortpacked do you write your strips specifically to maximize the possibly of meme generation?
Off to present my final lesson plan... I feel like an alien is about to rip out of my stomach
Just about the nicest boyfriend ever! He bought me a $65 massage!
Noone cares about you and your boyfriends conversations quit putting them in your status!!!
london_Louise BobofTreen not late and none hot..disappointed  lol
I would love waking  up and rolling over to see Tonio next to me in the mornings
AP statistics is the devil
Why am I having trouble finding service!?
slept really late. time to get ready to meet cory's family
My neighbor got motion sensor a.k.a nigga light....
I'm going to unfollow every person that sends me a spam message
I finally did ALL my math!(:
Ugly, ghetto, loud girls.
So grateful for everything I have
Our super-duper amazing holiday giveaway, in partnership w/ our friends cottind, will be announced tonight. Stay tuned
MomentsICanNeverForget when i used to walk down the street in tblizzards and shit just to see biscuit cause she broke her back
I can only tolerate so many people these days
Stayinnn at my sisters this weekend while our floors are gettin done . joy .
Woah, I haven't been on here all day. surprise.
ChynnaPhillips I will see you on the 10th!!
Laying in the bed with my husband
On my way to s'pore weeeeee
wtf my ninja brandan roy retired
oh damn SociologyReport. What shall we do to u tmrw?
I love my life right now
NiagraFallz KiraBeee I heard about that
J_Bow22 I know haha I feel ya. 2 freshman are in love with me
GOOD MORNEEENG! Today is the big day =)) Hihihihi
Tempted to check point a ford maverick because of malibu's most wanted
Okay, I understand having a phone convo on public transportation, but it doesn't have to be this loud.
chillin' with my man. ;)
Just found out Harry Morgan died. I feel like part of my childhood died along with him. RIP.
SabzBrach kennethlipp ghostpickles wish I was there Good Luck  Thank You for all your efforts
SHefner2 I know now we can tweet together :)
So excited to be reading emergency used candles tonight in brooklyn. Feeling da bklyn love! thankful. arrrpie Ronniemo22 ronniemo222
Local news outlets asking for TheLantern's help with their reporting?
rihanna is the 1most Subscribed Musician on youtube!
My (little) brother gets married today! Looking forward to a wonderful, emotional day.
I'm doing the MOST boring thing in the world @#!!!!
MonikaCiupak same with me! Im not feeling well at all! :( waah so
dear twitter i apologize for my obnoxious tweets during the steelers game it is over now
I falling to fast and it seems like I keep reaching out to hold on to something before everything is taken from under my feet.
Just learned Lego House on guitar :D
There's not one day that goes by & I don't think about you & there's not one night that goes by & I don't cry hurt.
job induction tomorrow!!! :D
you are / my music / and I / am yours
it feels so wonderful to be reunited with lorgrass
Lex_Shayeee They won't even let you help them either.
Watching the Packers w. the fam, about to grub on some great food, seeing my cousins for the first time in a year...perfect day
smh “YMcarebear: Decided 2 go on a diet.....lol I cnt believe um ___pounds!!! Cnt put dat info out thereSAD”
This whole not having a car thing is getting reallllyyy old.
OMGG YOU KNOW WHEN YOU'RE AT SOME TENSE PART OF THE FILM AND IT JUST FREEZES
Why is it so gloomy outside
En el DF no se ve ni 1 estrella
Guys are like stars, there are millions of them, but only one makes your dreams come true.
armdog i think i heard in school that advertisers actually pay extra to do that to catch your attention but it's very
What's taking so long
It's the last day if school,finna act a fool
fannyPAQ hahah exactly what I'm saying! ps.. jealous you got taco bell. your not allowed to be a faatass without me
S/O to the numbers I don't know w/ area codes I don't know telling me Happy Thanksgiving. I appreciate the
Dm5741 thanks. Very kind of you..
S_Knox03 getting treated to free lunch then we'll be home. :)
MY FAV EPISODE OF SPONGEBOB IS ON!!!!! magic conch, what should we do now? Nothing.
Thank uirini_raafat for being always supportive ljverexxx ongrats MSNArabia team on award for facebook fan page contest
“megwilliamson72: It's 6 and it's pitch black outside. annoying”
glad I have kenzie__bear tonight. eating lemons & listening to high school musical songs. :}
jamesfergdawg agreed. Cant wait to get diagnosed with
Mum and dad abandoned me and went to the cinema
I hate driving in this damn rain
Taylor_Tot17 don't feel bad... I'm always left out too!
I hate senior year. depressing.
less than ten days of attending class until graduation!
Some ppl are so selfish......
The Great Mouse Detective on Netflix blastfromthepast Gurkyturkey knows
listening to lion king music again....it makes me
YAY it's christmas day today for me!!!! :D wooo! presents time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D aaaah
AllenHenry I bet! When I watched soap operas back in the day, the news would cut in the middle of pivotal moments sadness haha
AmmeliaMomsen cause i can't do anything i wanna do in my life at all .semua nak kena ikut kehendak baba .btw ,i can't be a stewardess
can someone explain to me what's going on with the internet?
25 sleeps until The View
I'm very thankful right now Me and RiddlerSoHot could have lost our lives tonight..I'm just glad we made it out that accident
No I'm not about that shit.. Don't ask me to do it
finally saw Breaking Dawn kind of late but oh well. cant wait for part 2
Wow... We've known each other for what, our entire lives? Why am I just now seeing your second face?
ThingsThirstyPeopleDo keep messaging you constantly even though you don't responde
dylansAfucker @codywallet I shall come bearing bowls bags and boobs
still haven't taken my 200 point test for Chem :(
Yay for my new outlook on my life cant wait to get started on school, music, my art ect
Looks like its going to be another late night doing geometry. Ughh.. joy.
Today's been really good! Especially for a Monday :)
// I don't see thatalexday on my TV. Sadness ):
My mama is comming home :-)
Damn ran out of wrapping paper with one gift to go!!! Ughhhhh
you wouldn't be shattered on the floor now if only you'd seen what you know now then
Just sent 4 college apps !!
Thank God for allowing me to see and walk his land again
I am forever at the kids table
Houston has gotten no possession since the game started...
Ohhh Emily_VanCamp_ is gonna be on jimmyfallon tonight! ;)
Sometimes I wish you would twist your ankle then I won't have to read shyt except how much it hurts...<<<read it 5 times, understand?
Okkk telling girls on how you really feel bout them gives you a great feeling
justinbieber So excited to see you at HOMEFORTHEHOLIDAYS ! Excited <3
My babes soon gillyxo shaymarie_nn gillmck
Eating chinesefood for the second time this week! This time with my whole class! :D
DEFINITELY dnt like this bitch tho..... ANNOYED (-____-)
america's suffering record unemployment and we outsourced spiderman?
Can these groups stop telling me to follow them - if I wanted to I would
I ask my parents one thing and they give me a long ass lecture -_-
Some people never learn they're lesson...
lindseybuck Driven to the store in mine before. I love my slippers but not enough to be in public w/ them :) EM-BARRAS-SING!
Toys r us don't have the scooter I want for my little Boy for Xmas!!
Best day ever Dareen_A_Bassas RSS_88 DeemaTurkiF LTurkibinfoiz FsBinfoiz JanaBinSaad sadeembinfoiz SBINFOIZ Reema_Thaqib <3
Gahhhhh people who Disappoint lol
Yes finally get to go to church so gladd its been foreva i need all the blessings in prayers happy:)
(phone's ringing)..! I really hope it's... Smt ..presses ignore!..
Hello L.A!!!com meu baby Minotauromma :D
mylifestylemax Stacey...you exotic princess...I, thank you for the rt love.
My life would suck if it weren't for my amazing family & friends.
needing someone to text !
Ummmm that's not good
taylorswift13 doesn't need to show her goodies to be beautiful!
Zo, de surprise is af, het gedicht staat in de grondverf. Morgen de finishing touch!
hm. beastie boys &  the rock and rolll hall of fame.
Mais non, j'rigole! Line, c'est la meilleure. <3
I have the greatest friends ever!  thankful :)
McDonald sets up Ogbeche after Bailey run but squeezes shot wide
Mr_Rozaygetta no he wont cuz he didn't come last year either (like he said) an apparently ima ex now so..yea worst night n bday sad :(
Sleep walking/talking seriously scares me to tears. If my husband or kids ever do, I'll
Cos it's real
I get butterflies when  SimonCowell tweets. HAHAHAHA.
Germany in less than a month . How do I kiss my baby and walk away for that long
no modern family this week
«««««« My future baby pic. ;-) Happy Children Day.
Just found twilight dvds in dads wardrobe, hope there for mum for Christmas
7. I have not one not two, but three jobs!!!!!!
Mini_cricketer luckily I dropped Dave Silva this week
Since when did twitter tell you you had reached an hourly limit?
The book of Acts is like an action movie.
I am not sure. I will definitely tell you when I'm settled. “alleyezonrenee Erica_Idokogi yay!!! Ok so what time u coming?? happy”
KarlB_93 - I think you would know the answer to that after what happened to me..
Watching a show with stories of middle-class people trying to make it but can't because of the economy.
If someone promises to give you everything and make you happy, that's wat matters
Having a friends-giving. Booze food and thanksgiving south park.
The FIRST PLACE FlaPanthers are playing tonight in LA, and 940am is having a heated discussion about... GOLF.
Thanks to twitmaly for supports...
Besides creative pursuits the quest for knowledge excites me like nothing else!
When you're girlfriend asks you if you want a sandwich, that's when you know when to wife a bitch.
C_Caldwell01 I dated a whore
day 1 of L.F.D.Y with morris_rhodes everyone who buys it is in for a treat.  excited 1.1.12
Been out for a day. Sorry for the unreplied tweets.happy :D
But aye... Its another day above ground.
GASoltys you have great tweets
I am checking out gorgeous bello's and bella's. Sleep well or party hard!!! Nothing but
Kendraaa2  we are no longer friends
That food was nasty! irritated.
perfected the stompy claps in lets kill tonight
I just cant believe you'd lie to that poor girl.
WFJayDoc hahaha oh adulthood. Speaking of, it's definitely past my bedtime
So that's what I get after everything I do for you
This night went to complete SHIT. So much for just wanting a night with you before you go out of town for the wkd.
Mad none of these jobs called me bacc yet!!
In class watchin supersize me  , the nigga got the doc going in his ass -,-
my sister justwent in for surgery...
Holy Crap! New Snow White movie with Kristen Stewart! :D
watching How The Grinch Stole Christmas! Can't wait for Christmas Excited! :D
English benchmark was toooo long
Killing Basel off 10-0 in FIFA.
Shit not cute and quite
TracySzeto iGo_Canknee juiceman_oj i drink!! o shit i shouldnt say dat
No secrets, no lies. Love :)
birthday in 10 days!
lizzburk i'm dreading the time from when i get home until you get home! talk about
Omg this sub is getting in my nerves Smh!!!
KU vs. UK in MSG and I'm at work.
Everyone waiting round, like waiting on someone to have a baby.. depressed TeamNiallx
Mañana dia de no ir al liceo
Jayme_Russo24 AnthonyWagner5  eww i heard about this and your damn ass print better not be on my car window!
Who's about to have a fantastic day?!? you are!! Woo!
insanely rough day got insanely better after some worship and a convo with a wise friend.
So happy I came to LSA. I love my friends so much
8) I have had almost no sleep this weekend. So, good night.
Wine + research proposal = riotously fun Saturday night.
Uhm why don't I have more than 50 followers yet?...
After the holidays I'm gonna start saving up for my 3rd tattoo, been wanting it for awhile now
Cant this school today be over already ? I cant stand sitting here & seeing all these nasty peoples face
So um y whe got da same sweatsuit on as yesterday and my nigga dunked!! And y ha friend got on some wookes!!
Working on some new buisness ventures
...I can't wait to go home!!!! I miss Houston SO much....
Loving the people who are sticking up for me. Which is like 3 people, but 3 is better than none.
Work is always that much sweeter/easier when you've had a good night the evening before !!
No good subtweeting tonight
Big Time Rush doing the National Anthem. I do not appove
elgranCapitan3 nashman_13 Wait! guys know when we are eye effing them?!
DUDE IM SO CLOSE TO HAVING HONOR ROLL, IT ALL COMES DOWN TO STATS.
MzCheliiz thanks bestfriend. i know you will always be proud of me. my nursin' pinning ceremony is wed! excited.
about to start the conversation w/ my mom.... nervous marieegabriella
Just made my iPod whistle right out in the middle of physics.
Im at a wedding full with protocols. And theres this makcik ambik tempat abah. Shes talking non stop .
big day of studying ahead.. exciting ......
It's too early!
Jbiebs is my studying jam.
Speech was so easy! Done for today!
twitacpbSP I couldn't agree more !!!!! my absolute favorite album by them, has to be paper walls.
and nows when I believe you can't trust anyone but yourself.
So excited to move out/travel/leave all of the shit cunts behind. excitement.
Meeting my surgeon at 10 ! Get my date....
I'm really starting to buy that the Bills need to draft a quarterback in the first round. Someone convince me otherwise.
There is a fricken fly in my apartment that will NOT go away!
Work at Gazelle 10-4, drive to Kalamazoo for class from 6-8:30, then home
It Takes One Chance 4 Opponent Team To Score arsenal But Many Chances 4 arsenal To Score
Well looks like I'm going to Tennessee in a few week
You know he likes you when he says your ex lost an incredible girl. I don't know what guy would ever want to give you up.
I love getting random smiley face messages
Just because we've stopped talking to each other doesn't mean you're not constantly on my mind.
My mommy is making eggs, bacon, hash browns, toast, mmmmm.
Good morning, im givin GOD praise 4 all he has done
kcracken NCCaniac42 I'm at 4 until after Christmas! Then 3 more, and then not again until Jan 3rd!
It is very sexy when straight guys know how to dress well
MANNY PACQUIAO ALL DAY!
Mac show las night was pretty fuckin
If LSU play how they played n the first half against BAMA they will get blown owt...
ThA_GaMP that's what everyone is saying. that its exactly the same..guess that's why I haven't watched it yet!!! :/
We get threw the tough stuff
I'm a Twihard !
Į'm Ÿøūrs.  loveyou love FootballDemon12
 22 working days until the xmas festivities 
After 4 weeks my shoes have finally arrived!
You so delicious ur soft.,u taste lyk sugar..........si i feel lyk dancing kwa hii mat!!!matt nathanson  u bringing
Omg twitter literally moving at a crawl type pace right now
BierPiece9 youre just jelly man
Glad dads surgery went well today
eurgh chocolate  sprouts serious disgusting.
It's crazy how you think things could be going so great, &be torn apart so fast. Sad Mad DontFeelSoGood ..:'/
God has given me everything - Thank YOU!
Spending time with the family and going to the beach was amazing this year.
Nothing but early smokers on the freeway todaydisgusting.
Sometimes standing still is exactly where you want to be
Am I really the last one left in the quad? lonely melissashulman agh1991 cleegrainger
Realizes who my real friends are.
Why do guys that I don't like keep trying to fucking talk to me...
got my wee puddin' today. :')
J'ai echapper au taff le jour de l'an ! =D
Nederlands en natuurkunde af
i hear a good song lyric, and then rewind it so i can put it in my Pm
justinbieber  15 MILLION?!?!? wow.. i remember when you got 6 million! proud !!
I'm not afraid to try again, I’m afraid I’ll get hurt for the same reason ~
NIGGA MIGHT BE GETTING HIS PHONE ON FRIDAY!!
today is a really good day
December is almost here and almost for me to hit up the airplane
Tired and could go to bed already!! One day of work then both Dustin and I have tomorrow off!!!!
Nobody sang happy bday to me because i wanted my sister there and now she doesnt want to celebrate with me.
Tonight has been PERFECT;)
Watching Survivor!  O.o. Who's Gonna Win?
Thinking bout that pussy while im gone got me
When people realize you still exist but only because they need/want something from you... annoying! -.-
Hates how girls act dumb around guys...
NF Jessica_Tara_ <<<wonderful yoga instructor!!!
GBadillo OMG i am soooo excited u r home! text me soon! :)
I wish I was cuddling up to my boyfriend again tonight.
Seriously? You're doing this again? Fucking EAT.
Its almost over....I couldn't be more
As a true Heat fan I'm never gonna get used to these gayass bandwagon Heat fans, they piss me off so bad
TEENS HAVENT EVEN REACHES TWENTY N GOT MO KIDS DEN DEY MAMA
People really need to learn the cable lineup. Annoyed.
Fairytale Of New York is the best Christmas song ever written.
im gonna re-record my marvin room remix tomorrow :D
FillupThorpe more like Christmas pancakes
Thanks homework, I missed GLEE because of you!! >:(
First actual day off tomorrow since Thanksgiving. No work, no school, and no clinicals. I am so damn excited to sleep in...
All packed and ready for Sydney tomorrow!!!
75judi ta :) I had a dream last night that it went well so I really hope so!
Waitin 4 the bus listening to some homless chick sing xmas carols
xTheOneYouWantx  oh you bet they are!
I'm ready for Jenna to come home now...
hate when people think your talking about them
The future is beginning to shape itself, guess i don't need this cookie cutter afterall :)
twenty one days until my christmas decorations are going up!
Justinelewis93 I'd rather be busy and lose than lose after doing nowt for 90 minutes!
tomorrow new episode in GLEEonFOX alozan99 Marianalazovu
Qdoba with work people here soon..this should be quite interesting..lol.
My boys making me mac and cheese. Awwwwh
I don't know why your so grumpy now ..
I love my family and friends
Someone not texting back is li being shat on
Been in Atl for 2 months now and still can't sleep... This is getting
I'm feeling unbeatable
Always Be Happy When Good Things Happen To People Around You.
Plane just landed! Hello cali, I've missed you so! Now? Time to fucking party.
abby_andresen hope your ready to slay tomorrow :)
DarcyRichard1 seriously did you see it? Wowzerssss. Hows tricks? Bought mands christmas pressie today :-)
adams coming home tomorrow!!
“torey_chell307 i'm just going to accept the fact that my grades this semester are going to be absolutely terrible. depressed”
I'm ready for my love to be true and last forever.
Getting my entire   painted tomorrow
I have the best boyfriend in the world
Going to the Casino... Don't know what to expect
jessi_vanjess Van_vanjess 2,617,678 views for ManDownCover <3 SO goood! I reckon I di around 500,000 of those ;)<3
My room is clean, my apt is clean, my life is clean!
onedirection NOW HAS ONE MILLION FOLLOWERS.
drewwatkins3 love you loserrr.  Get some sleep you got to go to lame Pike county tomorrow.
It is beyond the best feeling in the world that's why we continuously want it and will do anything for it
Okay So Christmas Is 7 Days Away *Dances*
Wasabi seabrooks crisps are not what I was expecting fire in my mouth, but it's more like a damp squib
Im so happy to have alex home.  Waking up early to go wake him up at my aunts and spend my whole thanksgiving wiff him
Typical that I find a dress I actually like and it's sold out. annoyed.
What I like on this stage is actually the thrill, the excitement and the spark...
knowing your grades are going to drop dramatically after 2 hours
Too many sick people out there
The automatic station voice man has instructed me to check my journey plans carefully 18 times in 9 minutes only going 2 stops
Waking up to the smell of Christmas cookies
alrightttt gooodnightt twitter gotta take mommadukes to work at 6 a.m
Bitches & their PMS attitudes
Can I Get A S/O???
I find out if I was accepted at NYUGallatin in less then a month. Scary.
mom and I had our DateNight we watched a movie FARGO and at 6 CHEESE PIZZA then she cursed me out and told me to go to bed. LMFAO
Taco Bell and Tosh.
I love ma friends, and I like there surprise :***
Staying In Thib For Another Weekend
My phone will take 3 hrs to charge but will be on for two b4 I gotta charge it again smh
He really think im cheatin on him tho. Smh good nite.
ppl choose the wrong time to piss me off....
WhenImRolling a sence of Euphoria takes over me and the world is one Big Happy Place<3
*Sigh* Life's good. Family, friends, him. Happy :)
I'm so excited for kevinjonas today ,
I'm sleepy   time for bed !! Good nite earth   sleeping with baby tonite
tomorrow wil be a fun day
Im going to blowup every Spanish class room i see.
Hagler Hearns of the heavyweights????? Leave it out HennessySports!
taking my dad driving is the most painful thing in the world
KRUCIAL_K1DD this guy is giving me a lift 2 the game when I've took over his position.. Sad!
LMSAO ~__$ There's nothin like the niggas I was raised wit
changing my bio soon. everyone now has those freaking slashes like I do.
I have never wanted a cold beer so bad
aronow990 AMEN sister thats what I'm saying.
ITS GAME DAY ERRRRRBODY! excited!
Excited like the 1st time all over again.
Pretty much slept through the entire dolphin game. Wake up to them shuttin shit down tho
and my stomach is growling SUPER LOUD
Ok:) I do toO:) BayTater
Where the fuck is epicmasterpiece ?!
Find out what my lil one is today..excited!
Hate people that put the same exact statuses on Facebook and twitter.
No matter what I do I seem to always smell like Chlorine.. annoying itsalove&hatethingformyjob..
I'm a licensed driver bitch ! : DDD
LaurenMyers73 on the way to chapelhill
She thought that love was always watching, sometimes its the demons that are standing in the end.
Sexting Teens Twice as Likely to Be Depressed [STUDY]
Off to work! Seeing a live nativity scene with manthagrace11 JessiMay23 and Tristanbecker10 and Taylor and Devin tonight!
Get to check out americanfangs on a big boy stage tonight.
Last night with my bestfriend
So happy too hear some good news!
Thank you God for waking me up another day
You're lucky you had the administration to hide under. You can't talk you're way out of everything.
really starting to not like kim kardashian because of what she's doing to kris humphries
Just paid the Jimmy johns delivery guys $6 in pennies
I wanna go see twlight but i have nobody to go with :(
someone has got to to make me stop taking mups
freeeeeeeeeeeeeezing, making bacon and toast! go me :)
Tonights my first night being alone since tuesday.
Thinking about all of the things the world could have spent >90million dollars on in 2011...&they chose to spend it on lady gaga?
WaddleandSilvy What's this I hear about forte and a torn ACL?
Ugh I hate this being on bed rest as everyone is calling it! I want my car and I want to go out! lonely :(
Thank god!! na 2jaar zijn ze er eindelijk achter wat met mama aan de hand is :D
15 more days until SantaMonicaPier andazweho Steel_Panther HOBSunset Rainbowlive WonderlandLA HighVoltageTat
StephenAtHome's AmeriCone Dream is FAR better than Fallon's Late Night Snack.
And u look like tht....lol
of course the red wings won<3
OfficialVernonK well there isn't anyone really, but championship players - championship team,
Thank you cleaning ladies for waking me up. I love how you see two people sleeping yet you STILL turn on all the lights.
Why do you care so much about what I do?
SMH my friends are late at my pre birthday dinner sitting alone looking cute with a cocktail (obviously)
i love playing my guitar
You may say things you don't mean, but you still said them...
I didn't notice I've ripped my pants and I was walking around the store.
You know how when you leave school at Christmas teachers say see ya next year, yeah I should have told Michael that! lonely Chicago :(
Falling asleep in class and jumping up cause you thought you were ab to fall off a cliff(sumn of that nature) lmao
i cant wait to use RealDwill7  in 2k11
defrosting ben and jerries with the hairdryer
Surgery in the AM. Hopefully this will be the last one and everything goes good.
Even though it was not a bomb, well done to the SAPS for removing the box from Eastgate. Lives could have been lost.
Hate looking at the texts you have sent the night before whilst under the influence of
Just had the best night with my son, niece & brother. These guys crack me up.
So i go to Mc.donalds this morning and go to pay for my food thinking im swiping my debit i swipes my EBT card...
HuntNate Remember when you were eating that pickle in public?
Sittin here eatin pizza & watching Waiting to Exhale
Watching movies on my laptop because my parents kicked me out the living room
Yessssssss last day for me.!!!!!! :) Na I can sleep
And also, 16 sleeps until SillyBry & I go off for our New York adventure!
my best Stiil_IRise knws me BETTERTHANIKNOWMYSELF BrooklynIsME_
shannyTW_ I had hot dogs! My mums making homemade soup atm excited x
The greatest turn on is a Beautiful Conscious Mind.
Ummm you are white. Do not talk like that.
Such an awesome day of wine food and just enjoying the gorgeous weather
About to rock my drivers test.
ashleyannelli lol i was going left and I didn't see this car and I cudnt go very fast cuz it was slick then he just rammed into me.
Xfactor finals you can do it little mix!! excited!!
Im truly thankful for my wonderful family and my three main friends,God . Also my future man he somewhere out there. thankful :)
Boem! last moment gig, 2nite with Joney and the Puppetmastaz!
i have mad shit to say today..lmfao
did everyone migrate to path? hate to add another tweet about it.. sorry.
Finally got a Cody Simpson CD <3
AustinMahone WOW! 10SECONDS!?!?! IN A FEW YEARS ULL B ABLE TO SELL OUT MSG!!!!
Hate setting my alarm for 6.25
Happy Thanksgiving!!  May your day be blessed with family, love, and food.
leading the asl performers in our christmas songs today....
You can tell who's from the north & south by who's thrilled because of the first snow in Kansas City.
If I was to leave you wouldnt even stop me..
Love when my sister gets in the shower right before I do
Lo preocupante de ir a ver a Pearl Jam el JUeves es que un tipo de 2 metros se ponga adelante de mi como el concierto pasado.
A little faith has never caused anyone harm in this world... But those who have a lot of faith; they're the ones whom I fear.
mattpadams amberwharsh When I do try, though, it'll be a surprise.  YouWontKnowItsComing!!!
had a spa day for myself today... my hair looks good, my skin is perfect, and im sooooo happy :)
Not so sure that I should go black Friday shopping...I have way too short of a temper to deal with crazy shoppers..
thankfulfor getting to spend time with my family and the babys
bugs in an opened bag of pasta?
last day of school tomorrow pheww!
5 more days til he comes home.! :)
got my thesis done for my essay
I thank God for wakin me up every morning i open my eyes & im thankin him now like always
CodyGriffin11 omg omg omg omg!!
Every way you wonder if you're wrong. nervous.
i hate hurting people
8gb of ram where have you been all my life.
Dang it. The Polar Express didn't record. sad.
And then of course the inevitable Square Enix crossover, Bravefault Flyairy: Eye for a Tit for Tat.
I am SO good at reconciliations.
Went to visit IUPRHA and sadly no one was there sadness comebacksoon AubreeLea gorramit PsycheSonata
church makeup for 6 hours -__-
My favorite thing about devyn being home is that she writes all my papers :)
It's hard to believe that Christmas is only a week away...
Matt Maynard never pulls
Damn I smoke by myself alot
“amyebartlett:  StuartScott jamielindsay globear LIVESTRONGCEO lancearmstrong” ALL of YOU have been HUGE to me in '11.
mixedkidswag um not all the time. unless you dont have heat. which we have. ;; im done with this convo..
Niggas on Jerry trippinnn ... niggas lie to get pussy
If not I'm going to be
Morning peeps, moment of turth today..
I refused to be homesick because I'm stubborn and won't succumb to my mother's warnings... She wins, I'm extremely
I love reading my girlfriend to sleep :)
day off tomorrow I'm looking forward t it so much yayyyyyyy
Otis Redding on my iTunes, coffee by my side and watching my son play with his Thor figurine :-)
Took my mama shopping because she was heartbroken after watching a sad episode on TFC. Poor thing. Hahaha
There is a sweetness to every emotion - even sadness, even loneliness - if only we lovingly let it all flow with love!
I Can't Stand When I See People Kissing Their Dog...
Bitchess can't focus when I walk thru the door
Bamboomusiclive do you really hav a gig on Friday at Eastwood?
How much damn time they have to say town for ppl to knw where the bus going >:O
My latte kind of tastes like lettuce...and I'm not bothered by it..
i2ileadership Working from home today since you broke your promise to drive me to work.
I Havent Seen My Little Sister iLoveME_TuTu Since The Summer
I can never look at people the same way when I heard new things about that I dislike
I hate when you're biking and suddenly you're in a unicycle-only lane.
Seriously debating cutting my hair
stacyallen danielgonzales saved me this morning too!! I overslept & he had Syrena up & ready! We have some gr8 men!!
I hope clay_duncan has a better night.
Ketchup+ anything but fries=
Just doing the finishing touches for the Zumba Christmas Special playlist & routines!
WhiskeyGirl4u you have tweeted like 20 times in the past five minutes
The air conditioner sounds like it has a cold. It keeps sneezing!
Just woke up <3
“Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get” ― W.P. Kinsella
There needs to be a change
staciesx you get to see me in all my drunken glory buggeryeah excited :-D
wooo first practice down in the Briery Gap tomorrow!!
Breaking Dawn was absolutely repulsive... Almost made me barf. I don't enjoy watching a dead emaciated body covered in blood.
justinbieber can't wait to be under the mistletoe with youuuu
chefner24 good luuuuuuuuuckkkk. And get back in my life soon.
BEERDRINKER09 You owe me! Member all the presents you didnt get me that we talked about! -__-  YUP. disappointed.
needing to sneeze just about to sneeze pulling the face and everything the you don't sneeze
I dont get these christians that think someone has to speak to them first before they speak
Fuck its 830 I'm tryna sleep but my roommates girl is snorin like a man smh
I can't wait for the banquet wednesday &see the highlight film
All the Christmas music playing on k-frog<<
will not be attending TC in the spring no more TCProbz
I pretend it doesn't bother me to keep you happy.
taylorgalloway2 well i hope i jinx myself.. what happened to your other profile pic on here?
Cant believe my battery died... So
Somebody has been hurt :0(
maads_25 I kno exactly what you mean ab tht drink
Contacts are the worst
Why is it that when its summer I always want winter and when its winter I always want summer.
«MRSBABYBOY One thing I can say is that I'm blessed and beyond thankful»
I tell you, the more I think, the more I feel that there is nothing more truly artistic than to love people. by Vincent V. Gogh
.we argue so much bt he da only1 dat keeps a smile on my face everyday.....
Since sex is easier to get, love is hard to find
First final tmr. I'm starting to realize it now?
I met this thick fine red bone the other night and im willing to give up almost everything for her but she want give me the time of day
Loo_Bru same ! For the first time the 914 is looking pretty damn good
emmmbarks I texted you and you didnt respond
Nyers is a new man lol
Me and my keyboard right now
On a bright note, the Thunderbird Project is moving forward!
I hate when he tweets when I'm Tweeting for him!
WHAT I C EVERYDAY, BRINGS TEARS 2 MY EYES, WHAT I HEAR EVERYDAY BRINGS EARS 2 MY CRIES!
- I Am Blessed Beyond Measure!  THANKFUL.
Can't find my white shorts
Last day :) Cant wait for tomorrow
Have you seen ladygaga performed in ChildrenInNeed UK? She was so AWESOME Truly an ARTIST of the 21st Century and Beyond!
Watching finding nemo
Ha a presentation on a new liquor.
Theres a rectangular box on the table wrapped in gift wrap. Im thinking/hoping its a new phone. So tempted to open it!
Distance doesn't ruin a relationship. Doubts do.
1 week till texas
That feeling you get when the person you wanna talk to texts you first <3
I can't wait to go to Hawaii so that I can go bungee jumping of of a helicopter over a volcano!
Gotta love squatting and hearing ur pants rip
Work in the middle of a Saturday 1130-230
Pitt state all weekend
Accidentally put my stuff in another dudes cart at Harris Teeter. Embarrassing.
I hate when my phone decides to quit working. guess im using my iPod for a while.
The Ritz be havin the same crowd every weekend
ultimate brawl 2007 was the last time I had this feeling HAHA it kinda hurts
Morgen  een nieuwe pick of the week online!. One you really need to see. Denk aan comfort, jogging en overalls. You will see.!
Lovely weekend spent with my man carlisle_nufc
First day of work.
People really need to learn how to order when they go through the drive thru
alpew Singapore for a few days, 3 weeks in NZ and a week in Oz. Off to spend Xmas and New Year with my brother!
Sitting at the bad badger alone...what has my life come to
Thank you for sharing LOVEMJJathish YourPocketGuru scutterbugg SereneNSassy Melanie037 SweetD_23 Jewel_Kitz ShamekaAngel21 trizha
S/O to my little bro. Had 15 pts in tonight&39;s game and his defense was tight!
Bout to get my wisdom teeth pulled
Turned on the music channel and nsync's Christmas song video is playing.
I'm thankful for you guys BeltranEddie mashuerta Mundo_Trejo UprisingSD cornerstoneSD
AliceInPuckland i was just wondering the same thing. I haven't seen anything on my TL about it.
Most my phone has HeIsWE music on it now...
Waiting patiently for the lovely tornpantyhose to arrive at my place so we can grab some Chinese.
macaronibee94 I get to see you soon.
Just been caught singing to the
Do I get anything for becoming the mayor of davannis in Foursquare? I'm very close.
One thing I love about winter break is that the main people that was with me through the hardest part of my life are all in one city ,
Cant Wait To Dec29th,Will Be The Day. We will Never Forget! ((((((:
Ever now and then a nigga get
Closer to game time
Sabahlalalala precisely, its all about changing the thought process ...
We have gotten sooo far away from what Christmas should be.
Can't believe I just rolled over....
Fick fin bukett av elever och de sa jag var Toppen! Sedan att det var sån skillnad på lärare och jag var bäst.  stolt  glad  rörd
lions need to step it up
the amount of time it takes my straightener to heat up <<<
Goodness , don't anyone say anything wrong about precious baby Austin because he is perfect . annoying !
DanaChambers12 Look At Her Tweets To Me.
I love my cousin MzDanniB so much....... Waiting for my lil cuz to come!
About to watch Super starring rainnwilson
I'm so ready to get my last speech over with! nervous.
BrandThies Isn't that the truth. Proud.
i am really close to figuring out who this riddle person is but cant totally get it
zanelowe is Johnny Cash version ok?
And Boise state highschool choked
I will NEVER recommend wellsfargo 2 ANYONE!!!  After the 1st of the year my WF mortgage & 2nd mortgage will be going elsewhere.
Sitting at LAX crying! Miss Cali and my bookie already!..
Katie arrived safely (4lbs 2oz) mom and baby are doing well!  Thank you God.
I hate driving by myself in the car
Joshua might get a twitter , lol he finally cracked!  
I hate social networking sites on game days.
pop out & roll across the floor Surprise !
Missed my neighbor today lonely mgraham55
AdamBeach22 umm did I hear a yell on Friday ... nope also taylahyatt and I wanted a picture with you
Sports are in our lives to help us forget about all the hate, cruelty and negative things in life, not to shove all that in our faces!
Some guys r so stupid and just say anything to say something but really saying nothing
Goodmorning To The Man Upstairs
Ive been waiting since last year! ice skating :)
Mum made milk tart
Damn just ran into this chick while walking, she really shouldn't stop short whille there is ppl behind her
Out on jonesboro road an I just saw dhix man Wiff one leg walking on crutches!  Dass so SAD.
I've been at my grandmas for 3 days. I miss my dad giving me a kiss before bed, and I miss me kitty licking my face in the morning
Hate wen ppl say dat anit my baby nd dey luk just lyk ur ass
Support4Cody i know right lol can't wait
I Wonder What My Nana Would Say If She Seen The Way We Act Towards Eachother .
Ready to see Cayci
Coming home to find a roast dinner waiting for you at half twelve in the fridge,
Can't wait to c my baby in 2wks!
World wide nucular war against one country, Israel. MicheleBachmann absurd.
Hate when your wrapping presents and then you can't find where the celetape starts!
Y in THE world is Herman Cain singing on Barbara Walters
I can't wait for Christmas. :)
ChristopherDJL boohoohoo. Who am I gonna laugh hysterically with/at now?
Any new comedy films i should download? i can't think of any:(:(
Wowwww really... I guess we'll blame that on the wind... That wasn't there...
i can synchro summon! you see it works like this....... it seems that non of my followers seem to care...
Pissed they wouldn't buy my bio book back && that was the most expensive one.
I think other schools stole our cheers
Stackz_Fiyah I'm the only one that isn't there yet... depressing!
Thankful for so many things, people, moments, in my life. Nothing is promised or expected & still, we are give so much everyday!
Worst fucking mood ever
RizzleKicks still no dates in northern ireland?!
People thinking they're photographers.
Taking my mom out for dinner after she gets home from work ....
shafayetkhan was at assco today and didnt see you
The song A$$ goes perfectly with Human Centipede 2. disgusting almostpuked soduffs
MissJessWright_ how amazzing just saw me Jess in a cab whilst taking kids to school. Welcome home. proud.
Victoria Secret Fashion Show Thursday at 10 ....
I finally fixed my Twitter app. (:
Is playing Philip Sparke's arr. of The Lord's My Shepherd at CT tomorrow, looking forward to it.
GetUrMojoWrkn aweee:( but I'm glad you're okay<3
you are the one!
derrionkeller & whats with bitches on yo facebook calling you derr derr, like for realz do they wana get
AGirlDerGoSMURF iteee..tell her i saidd Heey! N bring dat,for me stay safe shawty! Love.
the sky is really clear and the stars are really bright out tonight
I hate being asked 21 fucking questions likke im unhder fucking investigation.!
JEDWARD SWEDWARD tour 2012 is gonna be an amazing start of the new year!
Coming home a week from today
is singing Popular from the WICKED_Musical in German. Lisa! at last you'll get to hear me sing that song in your language! hahaha!
Really should be going to bed but don't feel tired
Feeling fairly awful but being in the same room as Michael Sheen was totally worth it.. He's one of my actorheroes & he was glorious!
AlwaysSunny marathon on FX...
Some people need to get their facebook taken away from them. All over my newsfeed w/ the stupidest statuses every 5 seconds.
Tomorrow's the day...
Ughh. I feel sick just thinking about tomorrow
Why the hell is cass the only damn school going to school Wednesday..
I'm done cooking.. but there's no whip cream for my pancakes!.. just not the same without it
Im not sure I have had so much to look forward to in such a short amount of time in my whole life.
Last day of class for a while...can we say
H3AV3NS_S3CR3T thank u.. I believe it's 8 nominations but however many.. We're thankful 1500ornothin rance1500 brodythegreat
Bout to take this test really hoping i pass
AhAhAhAmy_ has  bearly texted me all day
You NEVER know until you ask.,,
fucking need to sort this tap out it keeps dripping and i can hear it while pay xbox!
Finished my exam way too fast.
elliotisgeeky I am cheered up! But that's a right good mashup love ladygaga :)
Sometimes I don't get boys!!!!!!
just saw footloose. SO FUNNY. saw livie rach and court seeing the twilight marathon.
- argueing about who loves who more (: love!
Ours is a good song but dang the radio wears it out!
where my nigga go ? lol
When I have kids, they will be homeschooled. So much white trash families walkin around Janesville
I miss my baby :/
Blessed to see anotha unpromised day
Im glad kangol_kel and his friends made it back safe, but sad he is gone....
Just because we don't talk doesn't mean I don't think about you. I'm just trying to distance myself because I know I can't have you.
my daddy loves me :D
can't wait to see aking alexandria in january with uonlylive_0nce and OMGitssian !
Fed up with post office lies about attempts to deliver parcels. Fabricated times, no attempt to ring doorbell etc
I have given money to every salvation army person I've seen. I feel like a good person.
My eye twitches on the daily
Back to the hometown for X-mas.
Forgot about my fantasy football team all season until yesterday when I put in Van Persie. His no goals today finally make sense
I can't stop singing Somebody to Love.
CHILDREN IN NEED! Wooooo! Lets Make England Proud!
20 days left to ROKHSAAAAAAA!! yalahwyyy edah!
I keep getting hit with these dumb follow limits.
why did my brother beg me to fix that food and his ugly self was already eating
Bargain shopping with  andcarolinee will be an adventure Thursday.
Why the hell is it so hard for some people to text back
With mz_loeloe and _EddieB. Chilling these guys are funny glad they get along tho!
Would love if my Spanish teacher emailed me back
I dont sleep at all.
wish i was applying to uniiii and wish i knew what i wanted to do
Fish finger sandwich with mum
Mom is making banana bread and I can't have any :(
U try living with this man! He is crazee!!! “THEGOOFINATOR iAarong Exactly!!! Only Today Sad”
It hurts to move my arm cool watching Americas got talent
Watching Elf and doing math homework. :)
I've had to resist the urge all day to tell people off..
god please let my brother kamryn_lee be safe & get home alright !
Only two more days of work before a four day weekend!
I hate a person who alwys bitchen
Hell naw she face planted
3 periods down...5 to go
But ii do have a trick up my sleve, so watch who wont be present tonight!
Just love the way things seem to work out in december....for me tho
My dog doesn't eat feces.
The hair is finally growing longer
when I get to 2000 words, I am going home to make myself chips & curry sauce
It seems like sportscenter has talked about nothing but LeBeon feeling like a villain all day.
So I just realized that this is my last week home until mexico
Chilies with the two besties tonight!:) excited!
Christmas break is calling me now . anxious :s
When does Tebow time start exactly?
Shannon_Shubert everytime I do, he starts talking again.
This winters crap so far its not even cold
KGracyyy yeah I really do
Just spilled lucozade all down me,
RobinBrutout don't retweet me you whore. But naw I'm like tipsy. Lol ewww drunk girls
Watchin the Tech gameee at Bowers with Savs and Chubbs.
ClaudiaL3 lulz you love me. You never found me a gf lonely :(
Stop tweeting things just to piss me off.......
NeilMcMahon2 It is obviously a mistake.. or a conspiracy?
Ain't nothing better than being on stage, w loud ass speakers, bass bumping on my feet.
nikilodeon21 Nikets! What's homework? OOH, and don't forget my chorrizo thing in the morning! :D Hihihi
cheekylou82 It sucks that the only dress I had my eye on is sold out so am looking for options that are not fancy dress!
Yo everywhere free food deh a particular VP deh
I got called back for one of the wickersham brother monkeys in suessical! :)))
slapen, dromen over ZOMOEiLijK_ <3
Grey's Anatomy <3
painting my room soon, doing my hair tomorrow. practically all new me in the next few weeks! :D
Why does everything I eat go to my ass and not to my boobs?  WHY? amskdiekwoxkenemcklj. rage.
Reaally starting to regret following you..
shortyliz27 hahaha right! I'm upset :/ I thought this place was pretty cool until today
Had an aaawwesome weekend on the road with our friends from Long Way Down! Also thanks to The Octopussy's, Kat and The Coconut buts!
My dad just brought me my wristbands & they're too cute though! (: Excited!!!
Geeze ive hit every damn stop light
Just made my first music purchase from Google Music! SSPU's Seasick EP!! Entirely painless, and it's already in my cloud.
seriously fuck everyone&these stupid phone!
Just woke up from my nap
just noticed that onedirection's WMYB was no 7 in Estonia last week
The task for us being alive today,  is for us becoming good ancester.
Good morning everyone! Today shall be a beautiful day, I hope. <3 :)
MyYearAsAnEntrepreneur: While the future is uncertain, I am soldiering on!I believe there's a Higher Power conspiring in my favour!
ready for my new hair cut!!!
i'm tired of the same people texting me every damn day.
Sometimes I wish guys would get the hint..
My mother spends way to much time on her iPad playing solitaire..
I want a puppy. :(
I really hope UPS did not deliver my stuff to the wrong house AGAIN.
It's actually coming out decent!!!
KevoGoLive35 and neither of you hit me up!!
Don't think I'm going to text you. Your a big boy, you can text first.
hat depressing moment when u see justinbieber retweeting, you see a lot of tweets except yours  sad 39
Thanks for the bday shoutouts b_wils korinharris katexolawson the game was great and tonight should be a blast
i think after 6th form im gunna work through the summer to get mula ,and then the minute my friends go to uni im gunna go traveling
Cleaned the entire house .. now waiting for my grandma to get here.
RevealMag work experience in 6 days...Excitement!!!
acaldag oh no! No festival in NYC in 2012?!
TAYLosaurusRexx  i'm sorry! it wouldn't fit, we had to lose an 's'.
Someone unfollowed me wow not cool
Car and room are clean, more or less.
Hopefully tonight is fun :)
Someone I know had an abortion after seeing the ultra scan.
On my way to my future fam in law's church lol
Browsing shopatmultiply for new shoes (uhmn maybe a bag also, another pair of shoes, etc.)..pure happiness! ^_^
Night guys....send up a prayer for lil ol' me
So blessed with the friends that I have. Thank you guys so much for humbling me every single day.
Dear makers of Fried Green Tomatoes, Don't make a great movie and then end it with cannibalism ever again!
I hope I don't lose any of my hip-hop credibility this week as I talk about Justin Bieber in my sermon...
Shouldn't have punted, we're down 14
steele_michael the GOP IS the grit lock.
This isn't Shibbsworth it's shayne and I threw it on the ground!!!!!
Really thought I was gonna do better in intro to Lit....
don't let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game. <3 determination. & love.
no one retweets my stuff anymore..
Who the fuck makes a song singing brown eyed girl
gnabeback awe damn i kno that weather
S/O to my bestfriend Asia_Dasia for being a freaking baller and gettin MVP! proud :)
Here we go again
Sweeney Todd, Broadway 1982
Noooo alternative tan you can't close!!!!!!!
When you live in Delaware then you can get back to me
Such a long day! So happy to be home :) cute little rose from my Mumma. She's so good to me!
PRAISE GOD for chick-fil-a!
hate this part of a monday afternoon, just waiting to go to work
BethanyCorbett why didn't I get to hold hands with a black girl?
STUDYFLOW ALL DAY AGAIN..BUT ITS  GON PAY OFF!!!
iHatePeopleWho repeat themselves oveeer and over again. Bitch I heard you the first time. Calm the shit down.
Junk_1nDa_Trunk i kno only one...theres alot of used to be's tho.lol..
finished math make-up work (: proud !
i hope people dont vote for sinitta to this trial on imacelebrity cos she is VERY
Why were movies so much better in the 30s-60s? Because all the great ideas hadn't been used yet. Everything is so generic now.
Love being no-showed for a two and a half hour appointment..... waste of my time!
Dealing with Hilda Bishop at 9 in the morning is not what I wanted to do today.
pixiesongs what do you do when your hearts in two places? 
Glasgow on Friday for the whole weekend! excited!
emconyea I've had 'Someone Like You' on repeat for the past two and half hours of my life. It's so beautiful.
After the final today i went to sleep& i had a bad dream. So i like twitched& made this sound. EVERYBODY WAS LOOKING AT ME
9 hours after I started work and I've taken my first break and eaten my lunch
This week has been world class!
shut up i don't care -_____-
Got to love family gatherings!!
Why yes body, I just love waking up randomly at 5 in the morning...thanks for that.
I wonder what my dad got me?!?
Driving the course one last time before my test tomorrow..
garfladd that was my favourite lol, was that acc you :L proud :)
Headed to Menauhant for the day
carlynesbitt procrastination leads to sitting outside trying to finish homework with wind blowing everywhere!
aha aha aha -,- That was funny kids
How can one person be that much of an asshole?  I really don't understand how awful guys treat girls these days.
My arm Muscle is spasming like crazy it's
Riffa lights really bring my Soul 2 Life  _ 
I hate this class
They are never on time!
s/o to defjamyg for bringing meekmill out at the electric factory!!!!!!
Test in 20 minutes and apparently the crimson ride decided to stop running today....HURRY UP!! I've about had it with you.
Just figured out how to turn the light on in these little cubicles
I hate when my tank top rides up.
mflores419 What my baby wants, my baby gets!
Y put urself in that situation if u dont like it
I hate people who stare, especially ones who continue to stare after you acknowledge that there staring
L_MACKENZIE p.s... cant believe ive just spoken like that over twitter! embarrassing!
ThankYouMarkSchwahn for creating the most important thing in my life, the one thing that hasn't let me down in the past 9 years.
Jus left from seein a nigga that I use to love..... That boy there lol
LaurenSandy   YES PLEASE.
Getting in shit that has nothing to do with you can and will get you & your feeling
That awkward moment when you should be relieved but you're not bc you've been anxious for so long.
NBA is baaaaaack tonight.
First day of training at Gold Mountain Entertainment!
G morning tweeties! Thank u for ridin w/ me. I am surrounded by a circle of wonderful ppl.
So sick of these anxiety attacks! Tried to leave the house to get mail and felt like I was dying!
My rims should come in, in about a week!
Today is a angry day, I want to spend the whole day by myself. Sadly that won't happen.
People need to learn how to pick up their phones....
AskMuthaHubbard Portland is only 2 hours from here!!! I'm a little south of Seattle.
I have a crazy life of adventure :)
Need someone 2 text
GET YO MOUTH OFF THT!
On Christmas date with Owen in Glasgow, been on the wheel in george square, skating and cinema later <3
There r trend setters & trend followers Either way any1 who follows a trend will probably b following what others do their whole lives
Looking at David yurman graduation rings with the fam
Everytime I move he pull me closer lol
Macy's Thanksgiving Parade! Yay. Cant wait to go back home.
2 days! so so so so so
birthday's tomorrow! can't wait to get my present from TateyBurstrom20 !(:
FYI, while working Sutter presser w/PR staff, rest of LAKings front office was volunteering at LA Food Bank feeding homeless. :)
You know you dont have to say everything that you are writing
so wer joining city...
Family, food, and football! Happy Thanksgiving!
Great ideas and great fun filming TaskBox community members at the TaskBoxAU video night.
BSU English.....can't focus is this class in order to write my papers!
If the nba season will be as exciting as last weeks trade talks, it's going to be superb. I know what I'll do on Christmas-day
Dear God, why do you keep letting this tight-end that lines up in the wild-cat pull out these wins
Just because I don't want you looking through my texts doesn't mean I have something to hide.
French final wasn't even hard, Got done pretty fast. :)
cannot wait for Monday ahhhhhh!
Why are people gettin mad at me. She said dont say anything. Ughhhh
Kinda wish I didn't do that now..
nowplaying I love you- tila tequila ahah
I need a Girlfreind.
LOL WOW, I really wish I didn't live here.
Missed the train by mere minutes, because the bus was late
People in america and Russia finding my website! :D!
I have a piano recital and I have 2 announce at it 2! So nervous 4 ALL of them O_O
iamblanka KMMira ezt én is ismerem
when I'm around you I'm radioactive
I wish i couldve talked to him alot longer but its ok cuz he still made my day
Just realized that I'm missing out on Double XP weekend for Gears 3, damn you finals and research paper.. DAMN YOU!!
can't wait till saturday with beckyskinner_, kayleighhgaskin and Sophie
The cute goood morning texts from the one you love:)
Sometimes we don't know how he is going to provide but he always come through!
Hair and make up done.
Almost the 5 day countdown to Christmas :-D
i love seeing familiar street signs.
All your doing is pushing yourself away
Had a great date night now time for bedtime! :)
So I have spent the past like 3 hours out, having fun, but now that it is time to do homework, I don't want too!
Breaking dawn tonight!
Christmas list finished!
ktbinkles awww yay! you gonna do it again!? You are soo good!
Looks like Chrome still has no easy way to tell that window.open was blocked.
Big bro's not comin home til tomorrow. \:
The little bro just made varsity as a freshman just like his big bro!
SmileAlwayz No, no.. Thank God for YOU!
The fact that I just got lost in the northlake campus makes me worry about how I will do when I go off to a big university
The library closes at 5...
All smiles over here :-)
Practice from 7:30 - 9:00 .
Okai, let me make myself happy!!! 4more days till I'm back in the boot!!
Went to asda for wrapping paper and came back with new pyjamas, chocolate milk and revels!
Nothing like a good morning work out followed by a dup in the hot tub and a good shower awww the simple things in life
Somebody on my TL don't know how to spell doesn't .
Just watched how damianmcginty got on glee and is now my fav on the show
morganlanoue did I ever tell you how beautiful you are?
The only downside to having long hair in the winter is that it gets super staticky.
Me and my baby have our 6 month anniversary this weekend
All to You God for all You are to me! There is nothing like Your love :)
WarpRiderRyan Graphics look great in that game! I completed Saints Row 3 today  100% 50/50 acheivements proud lol
Wearing some platform heels today.
hates wearing my glasses.
Will most likely be deaf by twenty at the increased rate of volume on this bus XP
I hope you wake up and realize what you have one day.
First away game tomorrow. excited :D
Tonight having dinner with Wini, Tanja, Susan and Dilek. Hope that they will be surprised too.
What If You
MattZani i am, im using my phone. no music or anything totally focused you should be
TraciHercher the books we got huckle are the only ones he can actually touch
ZooeyDeschanel I heard a VERY exciting rumour that New Girl will be on E4 in the UK very soon... But when?!
I will not boast in anything. No gifts no power no wisdom. But I will boast I'm Jesus Christ his death and resurrection!
leria just said i brought the biggest smile to her face ... :))))
I hate the Black Friday commercials, they are beyond completely stupid.
Anyare? Ba't anlameg?
Sometimes I wish I could just curl up and die.
Harrymainbmx yeh i hate hitting the lights whilst flairing aswell! ;)
Loved angel tree shopping and wrapping with SCA now we are watchingelf :)
onceuponatime you never had to make hard decisions
Hates when someone always wants someone to text them but you text them and they take forever to reply..!
All I know is you better not try and act like we are buddy buddy because you will be
Done caring what anyone else thinks. It's time to start making myself
I can't take it anymore. I need to go home now.
Omg! I can't wait until next friday =D yay! happy  &
Why do i always wake up in the middle of the night at the same time.
Turning 18 in a week.
I need my phone back.
uqhh not understand y shit qoes like it doess
Wrestling in orange tomorrow morning then golf!
473 yards in the air for
Dear depression, fuck you. You make my life a living hell. I hope you go to hell.
Haven't Heard Nothing Yet...
Our tickets clearly say to be on the bus at 3:45. It is 4:00 and this bitch is just now strolling down the stairs.
2 more days till winter break fuuuuck yeaaah!
There's that point when you want that love and passion but it's stripped away from you so quickly without hesitation. agony :\
i tried, you lied.
You just don't edit Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays by NSYNC, even if it is for timing purposes....you just don't
Today I am blessed because I have so many BHs behind me.
Watched tons of ArianaGrande's videos on youtube. Aaaa  
Everybody in this world is robots the tv controls their every move and every thought
If my sister calls me one more time to go downstairs i'll set someone on fire.
Ok since when is paint odorless :(  disappointed :(
watching how the grinch stole christmas
Everyone Has Cheated And If U Havent Trust Me You Will. And Im Glad To Say I Havent In 1year and 3 months :)
Watching SpannaStone reading Billy a book maybe the sweetest things I've ever seen
Lol annoying bitches these days stfu already
I am so freaking tired!! Its like makeup after makeup after makeup :) and I love it.
I wish I was partying with toryyhinson tonight instead of working!
I don't even wanna see my ma today, she already got on my nerves ..
Wow,its monday again.surprised#
zofiaphoto nope, this will be my first time... My Krakow cherry if you will! I'll be out there during the city wide photo month :)
Welp that process went much faster than I thought
Up Thinking Bout Him
S/O to da lil Sis JCamLee
jessiejofficial loved the blue hair on x factor you rocked that stage. you & elliegoulding flying that flag in the states.
MatthewBerryTMR any idea when the espn fantasy fball will start working?
I jus.... I wish.... I jus.... UGGGGGGGGGH!!!! >;/
I dnt understand why ppl drive worse when the weather is bad. U would think they would drive better. But naw they dnt!
Eeeeee pandora just gave me a throwback NP mobb deep - shook ones
A boring 2 and a half of science awaits me
Idk why people tweet about getting a ntb. Like if I got hit with one of those I don't think I'd put it out there lol.
'babe, you get fingered more than a keyboard'
8 more sleeps till we pick u up! Faye_Megans_Mum
Studying with lalithsuresh. He's reading papers for his thesis project while I haven't even decided my topic yet
Hope everyone sees me on kcbm 9 new this morning!!! megan_johnsonn whathansaid
KianEganWL Hope your day is going good. Gutted the digital dowload is just the Disc 1
Got damn traffic was a beast.took forever to get home
Finally on my way home!! 3hours #:(
Church event today..
«Niceguy2wrong1s Good Morning ShoutOuts  to da ppl dat only get treated special on Holidays n bdays...» sad lol
WHO VOTES FOR THIS????
damnlindseyy I'm shaking in anticipation for this.
bshek43 So why haven't I talked to my Twitter buddy lately?
... I put in effort the people who don't do any work get the same grade .
LapBandGirl oh oh oh oh Ohhhhhh I haven't had breakfast yet so that would do me nicely. delightful ,-))
I cant wait to see Avino11 today! Get me out of school!!!
Yess!! The 1DVideoDiaries are coming back! excited!
Wow this girl totally stole my idea in class
justinbieber on the radio!!!   happy maryyalexandria
10highlightsof2011 meeting my first love. There's nothing more I can say he's just so awesome! :)
_M_Monroe Maaannnn..!!! You Aint Even Thick . .
We play a top 5 team tomorrow! A win could really put us on the map nationally.
like you want a fucking cookie for everything you do, or what?!
Seriously, I'm going to call this bitch out tomorrow.
You see you and her are so happy but all your tweets are
Getting ready for work.  Love it when a sales lead gives her notice 1 week before Christmas.
Chocolate Covered Pretzels. The perfect combo of Sweet & Salty
Who do you hang around? What have you talked about? Have you spoke to them about Jesus today? Remember... you CAN NOT hide what you
& he just made my night.....
audreybell25 its a record.. I haven't seen you in 2 days....
Suttsy23 you gained like 15 followers in about 12 minutes... I haven't gained 1 in about 6 days
But let me not complain...I'm blessed 2 be able to afford health insurance...and have a job n this 1st place.
Just tweeted tv Azteca I wonder if they will send me a shout out ' excited lol
6 freaking messages from your damn gf, getta clue, i ain't texting back. ANNOYING!
vflg_x14 uhhh your at the mall and no visit
Just found out I got accepted to continue my Master Digital Media at UoN by correspondence next year.  Excited UoNALUMNI
Toy antoja y mi esposa me va cocinaaaaaa
dantetobler RaphyVelazquez lmaoo =[[ ya still got me till this weekend moms being a BUM -__- ....but then ya
_ChellyBean I am today. I usually work every weekend. I have to enjoy this.
“t_or_i SexyBrown_16 and I are making that trip tomorrow excited”
Cant wait for LSU to woop Arkansas so all their little piggies will shut up.
is today no body text matt day...cause thats what it seems like
Watching Shutter Island with my mom.
AssNiggaJiggaln fact smartcookie & the girls who do that are callex ugly
Going to school for two little days and not just giving us the whole week...pointless annoying -_-
shaneandshane: Finish this sentence: This week, I am most thankful for ______ --> the cross.
SammyAdams doesn't know it yet.. But we're going to get married one day..
I hate having good dreams and then waking up knowing that it's never going to happen!
I just wanted the twitter world to know that jgirio is a fag,devil warshiper, drug user, waste of life and he stole jesus birthday!!
I'm in following everyone who tells me to follow ppl then blow up my timeline with retweets
You messed me up real good
me nd hubby jus did a fb check for eachother :) we both pasted :)
This is the day the Lord has made. I will rejoice and be glad in it.
One of the worst days ever. All I want to do is sit here and cry. Tomorrow better be  Better.
“TreySongz Another day to breathe...thanks to the most high. LOVE”
Ahh I hate pitty parties. annoyed.
Right so i think this is the seventh time ive started FM12 i swear if it dosnt propely save this time im gunna snap the disc in half
How does glee have the number one song on itunes?
Just remembered last night I had a dream that I had to go to jail for 3 months & my biggest worry was pissing off bookers.
& my last test is Spanish.
swagismeprivate follow me plissss i love you!!!
Still no passports for the boys...and NO help from the passport office! Looking more like Christmas in London for us!
WIIIIIIIIIIHH!!! IT'S ONLY 5 DAYS 'TILL CHRISTMAAAAS!! I CAN'T WAAAIT :D
turkey ,potatoes and stuffing is nice...but man.....stuffed mushrooms are the  best part.
Grandparents are flying in tonight.
Really dont kno how to get the way i feel across in a txt
Should be getting my new headphones today.
Damn my voice sounds weird because that stupid tube they put down my throat!!!!
Hahahahah I  my frannsss
heading to the airport with my brother  to get my older brother!
why am I sad? Oh yah, first night in like 5 months that I havn't saw keifer. differnt :(
Fuck this I'm eating and going back to sleep.
NEXT SONG hmm... HMMM.... How about
Stopped in at Walgreen's after dinner. Got another gift crossed off the list.  Still a couple more to go.
Minecraft & Team Fortress 2
Its real, baby I know its real.
Leave it to WKU not to send my transcripts...now I cant get my classes and I sent my request months ago
Packing for the road
- Some people didn't make it or woke up Thankful!!
my grades are looking pretty good.
The guy at the table next to me needs to go. He tells stories to hear himself talk. Thank goodness this is the last day.
If you love someone, don't tell them straight out. They me freak out like that.
What's that line going down kellys stomach huh huh?
If your personally responding to everything the TA says, and no one else in the class is talking, you should shut up
I JUST WANT THIS ONE DRESS GOR CHRISTMAS. IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK FORR?! RAAAARGGHH.
Don’t date the most beautiful girl in the world, date the girl that makes your world the most beautiful!
Good morning phillipines!!!i I want to be there now!!!
My sister is actually doing her homework by herself.
rickygervais when the bomb drops and eventually animals rule the world how will dumb Humans feel being given away as an Xmas gift !
Need to call up my ISP tomorrow sometime, they are killing it so hard!
Getting a new retainer. Stupid person had to step on it.
SMH but u grown fuck your feelings too cause u sure dont give a fuck about mine if u cared u would be with me an try to work thing out
Don't really want anything... Just waiting on these Italian leather purses to get done.
Thanksgiving = getting to be a fatass and nobody cares cuz everyone else is being a fatass with you.
Gonna call it a night. Gotta get up early to hit a sale before work...
Why are people so fucking
I can't wait to get back to San Diego! I miss my home and my owwn bed
Dear World, can we please stop using the word Gay as a negative term. That's someone's sexuality, not a derogatory comment.
Good news, UP is on tonight
Almost done with a logo project! Exciting!
If I see another jersey shore commercial I'm gunna vomit
I don't think were gonna have snow for Christmas this year :( disappointed.
KimKardashian no one cares about ur selfish trip to haiti u went to exploit people in poverty by flauting ur money
this would fucking happen
Vandaag was geweldig met machteldvg <33
N_Scherping I know it's awesome
11/11/11 Heck yes! This means Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows par 2 is out on DVD!
Bullying poster. Mines automatically qualifies to include gay awareness! Haha Pride.
my babygirl, my family and (currently) in-flight wifi.
YOLO!!  tonight goes out to all my favorite veterans, thank you for everything!!
If I could quote friends in every conversation and people knew exactly what I was talking about I would
I don't think I'm readyto leave everyone... not in only 6 months. that's not enough time.
Great to spend day off with two of my favourite people - hulmed and bethfindlay  . In Southampton Nandos catching up, amazing!
Why am I here? All the kids I babysit are with their dad and won't be back for a while.
I actually love driving, its class
Fifa 12 ultimate team has been screwin up all day
oh crap . acorns are falling on my roof . iThought it was a burglar !!!
2 Uni's picked out so far, Ryerson and York...WAAAHHHHH
1:20pm on Friday, I will get to see MI:GP on a wonderful IMAX screen.
Christmas Party today at work..
That annoying moment when you get on twitter or Facebook and there's only one person that's tweets and post something every 3 secs!
First day at new job
Going through the trouble of trying to get an ugly Christmas sweater
Dropped yogurt on my silk blouse!
annissabadrie good for u :) I was hoping for an A but dapat B
iWillRealify oh really? I didn't even know! Yay
I can not even handle this class today
Life isn't a fairy-tale. Happyendings don't exist. Don't expect one, you'll be
mSpending a lot of time writing something you really want to say to a person, then deleting it because you know you could never send it
Matt_Sneddy its bullshit. And reyes signed with miami, how much more dissappointing can 5 minutes be
Christmas in 24 days! :D
MahoneCrew I'm so sorry! I'm like falling asleep.
Please thank a vet today for their service & never forget those who made the ultimate sacrifice so you can be free
Awhitekid_ start of a new laker franchise.
Good Morning , Everybody Thanking God for waking me to see another day Blessed &
JennyAdams Then good thing you don't have to wait anymore!!
Changed K's diaper no less than 5 minutes ago and she just shit.
I wanna go home/:
madwelshgal it's a lyric by The Smiths - has the wine gone to my head or is life simply sick & cruel instead :) cheerful xx
I seriously love KimKardashian and KourtneyKardash they make me so
I would like to thank Jrice876 for my lovely lint roller, and peachiekeane for my terrific taco kit.
desperate to go to new york
..OMG I Have A Little Brother On The Way.'!
Ew just go away smh so fucking annoying
Go TheGPerry  for getting accepted into Missouri S&T :) Im so
WOW this time in 24 hours we will be open for press night!! SO exciting scary FUN :D
The ppl that have been there since day ONE: Ronisha,xTaylorxTanishaxLonyaexImanixAaliyah. I'll fight for them,ride for them. love <3
Made in chelsea catch up and ben and jerrys
just want to meet and greet jls:( why are the tickets sold out!
TeamFollowBack is the best NF TeezDaGenius DHALL_SOB lesliexoxo2 LALAL4ND New_Music_Promo EmmetPeterNitto
I learned how to budget, about the stock market, starting my own business, & fine dining at a very young age from Waistreduction.
Lord please help me on my spanish oral. Studied for 3 hours and still
We will be at JAFmatthew6v33 Christmas Production today in Colchester.
Hopefully, this will my LAST date with that test.
Learnt the whole of stefanabingdon rap in dance routine;D
dazzabailey In web & touchscreen design. Customers putting us off with things til the new year frustrating xx
i cant wait for me-mow and tyler the creator on adventure time and the regular show. :D
Carrabas with the family and sister.
Football, family, whiskey, big screens, bro's, pets, boobs, beers, turkey, coffee, cigars, artisans, guns, fireworks, brats,
We are in college. Act your age.
Gosh it just gets worse: Whatever your age, it's never too young to start planning your retirement.
Turned down a sweet treat at work...
I really wish people would follow through on what they said they would do
I can't wait to get onedirection's album!! excited 8days Harry&ZaynAreBeautiful
only waiting on one more college decision! can it be tomorrow at mail time yet?
If you like driving slow, GET OUT OF THE LEFT LANE!!!!
It's so cold outside but at the same time so nice
LOOOL finally got those sneezes out..
kelly rowland does my nut in
Her going to sleep way before me <
It only gets better from here
yay for getting all my classes
Worried about work today.
Iced caramel latte on deck
I've read through my whole Spanish book and still have the feeling I'm going to just kill myself over this final!!!
Three words. The. Hobbit. Trailer. Hsksdienduwkwduwbdbdjeownfddjhfdlhhsj!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN TOUR 2012!!!! :D :D :D Could not be more excited!! I shall be a social recluse in order to pay for this...
ASuuter_92 you cut the flow eh
d_groves3 This is true, they can just uhm walk! Haha jk:) I'm getting pretty excited!
I hate my haircut
I love wizardcud.. Brake makes me wanna
mentalgrowth why thank u, Mark!!
Wish my mom would get HBO and Showtime
R_Litt12 you're a girl I'm a guy. You can. I will pass.
Just gt called for a interview....
is demi's mic on?
Aren't naps supposed to be rejuvenating?? Why am I still so tired!
The two of you could not be more annoying...just do your job!
Tj comes home today
BIG S/O TY 2 new followers! AYPYoga DarrenHudach BeConfident_Now JustinYoung MatthewAnton7 Bob_Zeno Mario49k LymanHullWorks love!
Never plan things they always fall apart
rihanna on xfactor in approximately 3 mins EXCITED :D
I may be drunk but I'm pretty sure they changed a couple voice actors for GITS:SAC:The Laughing Man.
I wonder what this dates have in store...
cant wait for tonight, and im actually feeling much better! :D happy !
About to start physical therapy. Don't know whether to be excited or scared.
Fixing your own blackberry!
don't care about all the pain in front of me, i'm just trying to be
I hate days when I have time to hangout you dont want to
OfficialBLew should I get a tv set up for you in my room?
Through the trials of this life I find rest in you
4 more days of high school :) excited!
My girl is a softball stud! 6 runs scored in two games as a hitter and pitch runner tayladee
started a new book series today. I seriously hate how its going and the characters....but i have to see how it ends! rage!
I need to learn my number
Hahahahah i was such a weird child....IKindaWannaBurnTheseVideos embarrassing...
duddy12 I know we are going to at least 10 out of the 45
Gotta stay prayed up thankful  !
ChristyPrust seeing you today made my day<3
My mama steady asking me what's wrong with me! NON .... and she already know!
SlicKSaneL Need someone like Park in there with his energy now to do both jobs. But no movement
why the fuck does spam follow me..
Ready for thanksgiving and alabama football
I think my girlfriend is prettier then those models...
is the self proclaimed........'Most Indecisive Person On The Planet'!
At the orthodontist with my brother
I hate liking people, I feel like I start to annoy them.. I also hate it when their my bestfriend, it's just hard to tell them then.
Fell asleep at school while the year 12s had a lesson with brandrith
Decorated the christmas tree by myself :/ .. depressing .
polkie45 haha way to keep getting my twitter name wrong it HowLowCanUanDRO
To every tweeter, Happy Thanksgiving and god bless you all!
Visiting Dad in the hospital today. Prayers answered.
Drooling over hot celebrities, but they don't even know you exist
iLead__followMe damn why does this weekend gotta POP off when I'm playing sober Stanley
First varsity game tommorow
Ughhhhhhh it was the size of my thigh and shit
Really worried about him still....
I'm gonna die alone with 12 cats...
Im tired of being liedd to & ignored...
I wish I had a dog ):
it's so cold out. and no one wants to snuggle with me
Doing it right this time for sure. Me and Ty_Fernandez got people to prove wrong!
2:20 couldn't come any faster !
Everybody needs a chance at love that's all we need
Wow never thot I could miss someone so much...
ew...i see pics of dudes i used to talk to and wonder what the FUCK was wrong with me..
arms hurt like a bitch ill be happy when i can workout legs again
Follow StanCollymore and read the abuse he's retweeting to see why a stand HAS to be made against racism in football
I freakin LOVE the new grooveshark! excited!
Ohmyword! New Motion City Soundtrack AND All American Rejects albums in Spring?! I might pee my pants with joy!
back to Sanskrit after many months
Murielle Scherre en La fille d'O on stage theblogworks
Twitter jail?? lets try
hairpaprizzi mite hav to c what it look like
Who even takes naked pictures an sends them round!
I'm super tired but gonna stay up and talk to her for a while.
You know your dressed inappropriate to a funeral when truck drivers whistle and honk their horns
Tx candicebest tho same dates as teacher training in me-hi-co... was lovely 2 meet eoinfinnyoga at TO yoga conf this summer!
yokoono What are u waiting for follow me? Ah? Ah? Ah? You are NOT cool, Yoko... You make me cry.
kadykattt I see how it is /:
hsenner I was so embarrassed when I heard that and now I'm freaking out about taking it..
Never ever seen this side before.
What are you trying to say? I honestly don't understand you... ASDFGHJKL
when you get your life together & figure out who you want theen, come talk to me ..
Awalshy3 ZoeLou07 me and nbeech88 have arrived at the Jamie concert ha.
Just opened my eyes to another beautiful day blessed by God
My first black friday ever.
The one day I don't go to school...I think I messed this one up ...
Yeah yeh! Get to see my boyfriend tomorrow!
This boy was all looking at my butt & I saw him & he know I saw him
Btw, its one time music video second anniversary !
English commentator keeps calling Craig Jones 'Chris' sgorio
Soo the guy at T-mobile told me my phone would be about $300.00 plus the plan, plus all the extra stuff I want on it,
trying to link gamma phi's twitter and facebook page but it's not workingggg... frustrated !!!!
tmiller66 we could! I just got two posting to me during our conversation! Haha!
vo p escola
That smile that girls do that make it look like they're trying not to smile hard.
Over my guy coogi house bumping dolph fina get this Sunday started off right....
Rihanna's new album is amazing
Why am in the office on a Friday again?
mindy1414 My attitude is PURE gratitude-----I am ever so grateful as well!!!! S/O toYOU peace LovE. ;)
I have exactly two weeks from tonight to find something to wear when I finally meet OfficialLouiseM!
Those songs that fit your mood perfectly...
Lazy day with the girls and then out tonight
I wish it wasn't so cold. I want to go for a run:(
Christmas Break is going to be insane. Whether I stay or go.
lakennichole I hope ur rite.
5 sizes down since i started my weight loss journey and i feel like an idiot for tearing up a little in the NY&Co dressing room
I just heard the story of a proposal that was made. The girl said yes. It's beautiful to be young and in love. I pray they last.
Busy weeekend, Gfit Christmas Cocktails tonightttt, Redskins game tomorrow =)
been checking the news all day and now it's there!
24 plays and 0 points
I really need to stop falling asleep in class lol and having people take pictures smh
I strongly doubt this FDI plank at this point of time is 2 avoid functioning parliament, in turn avoid discussion on janlokpal
I wanna see my baby cousin! Why did I have to get sick?
Frd just back frm gir tour.he is clicking better n better.
Heard I was on a tattoo video
my timeline it FULL of people spamming Liam.
I love my grandparents
Didn't realise how much a thumb is needed!?!
I'm in love thought it would never happen. Wouldn't want anyone else in the world
Just found my jeans I have been looking for for over a month!
HughesPat after getting to 1081 words
I'm too scared to sleep with my necklace on that SouthallR bought me.
Can't stand a predictable man.
I've had a great day, no one has texted me all day...
My noon appt is now 14 min late.....
Todays a pretty good day!
Aw fawk i lost a follower :( sad.
2nd day cycling Xinjiang:snow, black ice, camels grazing, blaze orange sunset, frozen fingers, living with some Kazakh shepherd family
Excited for my first workout at this new complex. Feeling like the first day of school again
I can't sleep, I just wanna cuddle and kiss you until we both fall asleep. So lonely, someone dm me please :)
Not gonna lie itvjeremykyle is the highglight of my day
Talking to him <3 so muchhappiness.
CraigGelman1 has a twitter!??!? Est3in, why didn't you tell me!?!??
Wai3! FreddyAmazin 's kila he retweets about follow madry shnu w they're gonna follow you back! ANNOYING.
can't wait for next year so much going on!
When colin walks in with 8 girls
-- our FIRST everrr famiLy photo tomorrow,. me mom bubb and jay. -
None of my bras and panties match... Does that mean I don't have my shit together??? O_O
Don't ever take people in your life for granted.
seeing ollyofficial next week at Metro Radio Live!! :D
I still consider Park Ave my street.
It's a great day to go see GnR!!
Whats With These Ppl With Naked Pics in their lil twitpics And Its Not Them.. Smh
That awkward moment when I hear if you have a seven year old in the car get ready they will scream IT'S BIG TIME RUSH and I scream
Omg Kim is annoying..... like you can't live with Kris cause he is a slob and there are clothes on the floor..?
accepted to fordham!
About to practice my hair dying skills on tguast! Wish me luck!
My twitter is being bombarded my quote tweets
Last night's xmas party was so fun!!!
Old people grunting at the gym.. Cmon now, you're lifting 20 pounds, you're wife can lift more than that
I needed to get outta liddo ol Vegas... feeling better already!
briannamccrae alllllll I want for Xmas is a
Cleaning & getting ready for Santa Clause all day with mom !
In 10 hours I will pick up my fiancé at the airport. Ecstatic doesn't come close to my level of excitement today.
Nou dan maar popcorn poffen en met de kat de film afkijken!
_matt_dixon_ hahahahaha ikr!? ...I was sweating so bad disgusting!
Aroo_Roo Have you seen the Mocha Rogue?
Why the EFF is that Kolaveri Di song getting so popular...
That's some muff
with Austin Alex and Spencer. happy :))
Pepermint mocha on Thanksgiving
My TV is locked on TBS.
Ugh just spent two hours working on literacy and only finished a fourth...
I have NO VOICEMAILS, but yet this dumbass icon won't leave and stop tricking me into thinking I have a message .
I will be in West VA next wk
DyingFairy my heart. it just jumped.
Indonesia's 100th National Awakening Day celebration gave me chill and SEA Games 2011 Opening Cemerony is giving me more tonight!
Dont nobody ever come to Centers games unless they know its bouta b fonk smdh
Finding the perfect christmas present for someone! :-)
You always find ways to impress me:)
can't wait till february for my tattoos!
Life can't be bad with a big family, caring friends, and plenty of food
Katy Perry on SNL? Not actually very funny.
Being the bigger person comes with its perks
AlexaNolen no we werent invited
I can't wait til my big sister Suzzie_Kisses gets here !!!! I miss her :))
I want another piercing and my 1st tat soon :)
“BrittanyCaverly: These cheer leading videos are legit crazy routines” wish i was them
We don't talk !!! That question gettin on my nerves
lots of math homework
My cats arm is broke an I can do nothing about it cause I have no car so I have to watch him sit in pain an misory :(
Am Not Good Enough 4 Em?
3 hours till our flight leaves :)
After going through my tweets, if the SAME person comes to your head every time. You're in LOVE :)
Aw yeah I got principal cello for all west
I havent been in this much pain in a long time. I thank my brother for trying to make me take mind of the pain...
He is MY EVERYTHING!!!
Sweatpants Wednesday I fail you once again
Big day tomorrow with the cousins... excited..
I hate it when not even 'famous' people ignore your tweets , just cause they think they are
occpal My bro & sis =  every human, not just the Muslim. I choose integrity of God's creation over identity of man's tribe.
BOOKERT33 reverbnation THANKS 4 THE SHARE FAM, I LIKE WHAT U GOT GOIN! LET THE LORD KEEP USIN U BOI! THE VOICE IS A GIFT STR8 UP
had an amazing day with an amazing guy :)
OFMG! the voting lines for peopleschoiceawards have been closed! i hope everyone voted for gaga i am worried! :(
I'm accutally starting to think I look beautiful .
Wish came true :)
I wonder how long its gon take for one of dem to gimme da fuckn scoop annoyed af
JoeMoldi aw good for you :) I'll help you out if you want  PROUD x
bed, school, drink as much coffees as possible, and then off to Manchester, gunne be there till Saturday morning!
My_KiLL_Myers See it took me 3 days to reply thats how long it took me to get inside my house...
I never knew someone that greedy over money
Weather please be colder so cannonsburgski can officially open
Mann i just got caught tryna sneak and take pics of this fat dude
Love the way we can never have a normal conversation without getting into an argument
The_Big_Pink2  ur Awsome I wish I could be like you
10 gone too soon in 4 years ... RIP ... don't ever take a moment for granted ... talk to someone, and the sun will rise tomorrow.
Boo Yea Bitches!!!! >;D
I'm so turn on. I'm waking up just to see if I gotta text
When I realize sumting bad out of me. Self-pity? condemn? Or change? HUMBLE DOWN.
Niff_Shan Ohh noooo :L :L key in less than 10 days ;)
C0URTNEYYYY I told you not to tell anyone
I miss the way things used to be.
Harry_Styles i LOVE THE SONG AND I REALLY REALLY REALLY  WANT A COPY BUT GUESS WHAAAAT?! i live in narnia-.- and i cant get one sad :(
Good chance I am picking up a trumpet today. Good thing I don't have any neighbors!
I'm saddened by the fact that my partners in flip cup can't drink and flip...beat 3 on 1 jus now and I didn't even get to touch the cup
My grandpa told me it's ok to have 5 boyfriends, as long as I take it easy on them
I wish I could put a muzzle on my Mom sometimes.
Went to sleep for two hours and still nothing
What happened to Grey's Anatomy?
- almost done with this journal ` YESSS
Finally get to see my big sissy
i am wishing for snow and can't get enough of listening to Christmas music & loving this season.
Breeze, sunshine AND moonlight at the same time.
81 operations cancelled at Llandough Hospital after copper cable was stolen from generator yesterday.  8 of those are cancer ops.
Wow. I am so out.
mca5287 it won't recognize my phone...ugg. I need the guru to fix it. Mayb my usb connector is bad....
hopin for some holiday parties comin up soon
my hair is going to be so dark after this...
I seriously need my own car
My cowboys(; r winning
The biggest mistake I ever made was falling in love wit u,I should have walked right on by with my chin up!!
The only people you need in your life are the ones that prove they need you in theirs.
Jesus is better than any drug, He is stronger than any pain, and His life is everlasting.
PumPeakzkin De la neige 8D
WHY HAS UBBIDUBBI NEVER BEEN A TT?
Well its friday and today was super amazing!!!! I love my friends and family
throwBack music&talkn to the one i have the hugest crush on ever ;) lmao *he changed my mood from crying to cant stop smileing
Designing clothes today with my mum for my performances in the new year ! LetsGo!
Christmas music playing while getting ready this morning
getting my hair done :)
satellite radio subscription ended today.
StevieTheCanuck Haha well I tried to move my phone towards me this morning from across the room and it didn't work :(
No moolah = no shopping. How could I have no money during the Christmas season? :'(
niniXXVII havent moved an inch even still! lol still frustrated ;) ....
Friends with benefits! Finally i saw the movie
Ew I hate niquil.
I had to watch this Antoine Fisher movie before church.
Little sister asked what color g shock I want for my birthday
LCmoinzy14 who knew mocha wasn't sweet...
Breastfeeding your kid in the middle of the mall food court
Aracelyy__ your gonna have to add me. Since I don't know ur actual name.. lol
Lighter nights please come back soon, how I miss you SAD x
Wooow! Today is 11-11-11, we won't have sth that AMAZING for another 13 months when 12-12-12 comes!!!
shot me outta the sky-you're my kryptonite-you keep making me weak-yea frozen and can't breath-you've got that
Definitely going to need some wine to complete this study guide.
CounselorGA toddjonesatl I need Michael Crabtree to stop at about 70 yards and 0 TDs to win my most important league.
On our way to malawi. Whoooohooo. Yey!
I don't think I'll get to school in time for fourthhh D:
Learn how to drive moron!!!!!
absolutely no reason this team should have lost six in a row.
rach_web gIna_verduzco11 corrrmarrrie pretty muchh everyday i go to grab a ugly sweater and there are
yea, that would have been
Just like glue I'm stuck w/ some great people
women dhat depend on der son instead of der husband fah money
I love you like.. like.. like.. I love the smell of coffee in a cold morning
Wake up and talk to meee
Cant remember the last time i did this nervous :o
Mum phoned in a chinese and I didn't get anything
EmilySmithxx I went to London's answer to gusto ;). Eek for the 10th? I can't wait to see you&have a good boogey! No dress yet!
Laying in my snuggiee!
RealDexterJr_9 Looking at the people in my home town doing nth with their lives im glad I have two parents that raised me right
Peace is not merely a distant goal that we seek but a means by which we arrive at that goal.~MLK Jr
Could possibly be going to drake in Texas for my birthday!
Its true. In wrestling.. You never see the light. Come to school at dark. Leave school at dark.
Weekends go to fast...
Just got a text from orange to say they are raising the cost of my monthly plan by 4.34%
2 more minutes!!
Going to sleep listen to music
Un un I had to get up out of there I was to
“collleeennnn: still not understanding why tomorrow can't just be the Christmas play so we didn't have to go in Thursday.. annoying dumb”
xchloejonesx I tinks I actually have their Motion in the Ocean CD :L
I miss my boyfriend. =[ this the first time I have to sleep with out him since we moved in together. =[
What a lousy day so far for both NY football teams.
Got the paperwork for school in the mail...
Laws is open until 2am?!
rowanjonphil you better be coming to zia's for christmas eve dinner!
My internet connection is being so slow.
KHesselt t_south91 Travis and I are actually hanging out together watching football and hunting.
Driving just to drive...
i just noticed no one sent us numbers
I got to my high school before it got out today. Now I won't be able to see anyone fall!!
If you don't know what you're talking about, then don't.
I love how awkward moments just follow me around!
I REALLY am a midget forreal though. I was cutting the woman's hair on my highest tippy toes.
watchen friendzone i dont know if its just me but i be feeling bad when they say they dont feel the same way about the other person
examen de fisica: no será un 10 pero si un aprobado happy:)
Cassandra_Nix let's get these teen hearts beating faster FASTER!!! panic!!!!
rubi_dan mrillaman dunno if I can hack this gym ting with man. U cant do the same sets as every1 else and a next hundred!
Hair appt then dentist to c if my braces come off!(:
if my computer freezes on me one more time it might go out the window!!
I still have no idea what im gonna wish for tomorrow. Im pretty content with what i got right now.
Gus Johnson is the definition of sports broadcasting.
well, that was a complete waste of my time.
-- I noticed that twitter appears to be a place for people to rage. happy notraging.
Looking forward to my first toastie in ages!! I'm genuinely looking forward to it!
justinbieber i see all these beliebers getting noticed, but I haven't gotten noticed :/! DEPRESSING 6
I miss you so much!
Shopping & Japanese Steak House  
going to get new boots today (: my other ones got really torn up
Hanging up All the posters made for me trough out the field hockey season. Sad to say i'll never get one again.
Ser yo!!! es lo que más me gusta! Happy :D
Sometimes All You Need In Life Is SomeOne To Wrap There Arms Around You, andd Resure That Everythings Going To Be Alright
Make Me Proud Is My Song
GOD is able to do just what he said he will do, so don't give up on GOD cuz he Wont give up on you! HE'S ABLE!
cannot wait to get my Tresor Paris bracelet..
So pissed that i didn't get any tickets for the 1D tour! :( Sad.
It's awkward when your second nature is to be selfless towards people who almost always act selfishly....
Cheeky wee bath before bed
Last year, my brother was over seas fighting in Iraq, this year he is at the table eating thanksgiving dinner with us
Ms_eyeCandySCE I swear yall are killing me
Real_Liam_Payne hello...your song ranked 4 on the chart today... :)
Lmao. I just sent whoever MVP___ is a dm. Disregard that shit lol.
PetieKinder on vacay ALL week, mom and dad coming on Tues, sweetest baby boy in the whole wide world-
Really want to listen to a certain Death in Vegas album. My phone refuses to play it. I want to listen to it even more now.
I don't understand why cops pull over people on 46 during school hours, like go off on a back road
Trey songs - you belong to me
dam dog getting on my last nerve now she pissing everywhere...rake her outside just sit there then cm n hs n pis....
ThatKidGalvan Jesus. Welcome to the demise of the lakers.
'I still love you' new girls wall, 'I love you' are aren't you a cutie?hate you even more, carry on and I might kill you:-)
hacked 2 times in one day
YourBossisRoss why aren't you tweeting
I wish I had a profound thought about being home, but I am just happy to be with my boyfriend once again.
Just saw a shooting star!!! Apparently 6 AM is prime time for those, no wonder I never see them.
OMG in an amazing mood. College football coaches emailed me!
coopercarterrr yeah! What you got? Present? I like presents.
oh my fucking god! een 8.7 voor engels PTA! happy!
IF this boy dont stop coming on and offline.... the skype message notifying me of ur actions.....
Speaking about lifestyles. Deleting Drake 's album TakeCare. Definitely not getting into a relationship with a drake fan.
Pandora you can do miracles but please get rid of all your commercials
never mess with my head
Jacob Isaiah>>>>> The Best Baby Brother!
That awkward moment when you say thank you to a compliment that wasn't meant for you
THEREALCHOZN Ooooh, I hate that annoying lol
stuifbergenxox I am back on the curve, I have no fucking contacts or anything... :@
Can't wait for sheilds' 30 minute lecture.. Like no lie.
versace for h&m tomorrow! excited !!!!
YAYYY....Aaron got me my laptop today. I wonder what I'm getting for Christmas. Excited!
When I really need to talk with my councelor the bitch is never there but when I don't she wants to call me down every fucking day.
i bought a mouthful of art supplies for my evaluation next week..
Time for sad music
jessiiicawhite all because your body wasn't good enough
y am i stressing over college now...
Cant Wait to get tatted... Da Pain is worth it
I smell like ctm.
Find people you love &
HAPPY TURKEY DAY from
Eating at the mall by myself...
That makes you look irresponsible and trashy, if you can't handle your alcohol you don't need to be drinking. I will judge you
So excited to get out of work early and start my weekend!
Too much freakin MUCHNESS
I swear if my mom doesn't get up in 10 minutes I'm running errands without her.
Thank u Mr. President for ending the Iraqi war.
Real_Liam_Payne  How come you will never notice my ugly face :( sad xxx
No cp3 what the heck is going on.
Going back to bed until I. Have to wake up and run the the bathroom again. joy..
Going to 2nd period with out my best friend is going to be Depressing IHY SofiaRLopez <3
P90X CoreSynergistics during Ph 2 recovery kicked Ph 1's butt!! I'm gotten so much stronger - things I struggled with I can do!
Nothing so sad as watching an aging hippie light his broken cigarette in the wind.
Game tonight vs the Tea Area Titans!!!!
Someone please text me
its very irritating when everyone wants to pile up in your room while you sleeping
Theres always those people who ALWAYS have to have someone with them
Off to london while vickyarmstrong9 trumps the whole way there
day the world ended: november 7. the last time blake dugan updated his status ........ :(
Awwww LittleMixOffic singing 'Cannonball' on Heros programme on ITV1!
Work was so hard for me yesterday. So hard to to concentrate. I tried so hard and was so exhausted by the end of the day.
Dont every fucking touch me again.
justinbieber you always tell you love your fans! But if you relly love us you will answer us some tweets you only care about selena
Just watched Grey'sAnatomy & this is by far the saddest episode i hav seen so far D:
Scottish cup 3rd round tomorrow!
Cause I'd die if I saw you, I'd die if I didn't see you there.
All I want to do is watch this movie. Damn previews, get off my screen!!!!
I wanna go shopping
S/o to L_staxxx DisNiccaLAME_ J_Muah  lastnight was too fun
I'm haunted by those I've 'unfriended' on Facebook. In my dreams, the tube, the eyes of children, the beard of the beardy.
found a boy, hope you approve. happy (:
“SRoutt26 Always cherish every moment you have on this planet....never know when it might be your last...Thankful”
Trey Songz or Nicki Minaj better be on Law&OrderSVU for me to watch this shit again
p.s finished my notes today have I ;) WAHEY
All i want for christmas is you! Jessicav94 (lll)
bruciemufc Lunges were my favourite!  Felt hideous today like...
Well done England...coming off a win from Spain...and now Sweden.
When you try to take nap, but there is too much noise going on in your house.
My dads in lax!!!
twitter needs to get ride of the 140 character limit
santaclausgifts *passes coco*. How's things going?  Not long now
Great time of worship this am! New families joining, some professing new faith! Got to SKYPE w/mission partners in Equador!
Chocolate chip cookies love <3
Getting FEZ'tive TONIGHT!   _PiNKY_H Billee22 VickyJwingers graysonevans Rainer373 Inspector_5 and co.
This has been a WONDERFUL start to this week!
no repackage album 'The Boys'  whyy ? D;
So much to do today...stressed out! All I want to do is sleep but I can't even do that....
Family cookout. Oh joy! -.-
gspotdanickname  you need to stop tweeting about your girlffriend..
My jaw hurts from where I had my face resting on the toilet seat all of saturday night.
BREAKING DAWN IN ONE DAY! EXCITED Sydney_Will AlyssaMarkovics hannah_marie08
Shes rad but she has a boyfriend
Can't wait to stunt with my victory staff this weekend
I don't know how to tweet.
It's been 6 months today since me and robsedgebeer had our first date! We are celebrating with Greenwich and food!
KraigKennicutt I'm gonna laugh so hard in your face when we win. You're the only Broncos fan being THIS cocky.
Why does your liddo brother have a facebook he is like what 7? Seriously liddo kids should be out playing tag && other stuff.. Annoyed.
Bracing myself for impact.
Thank god for today
Dexter, episode 11. INFUCKINGTENSE.
J'ai devant moi le top10 des films de l'année de la rédac de Ouest France. A part Drive, pas un seul film de mon vote n'apparait
vharrison22 yea ikr, I thought i was done too smh
asked a guy in American Eagle a question and he didn't even work there.
Can't wait until Friday
Some girls are straight up hoessssss.
SIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII HOY VUELVO A SOFTBALL! PRONTO FUTBOL
When the cashier thinks the coloring book is a gift When it's actually for me to make my day better :)
MY BIG BROTHER IS COMING HOME
ChristinaWorman alice_tibbs it won't be rape if i enjoy it... ;) AAAAAHHHH
forgot I had a math test.
whenyougethigh I would LOVE to live in Seattle. More than I can ever, ever express in words.
Ate most of my candy before the movie even starts.
I always try to think positive, ex: I get my brace off tomorrow!
You just do you and Imma do me!
Clothes show tomoro with x_xtashx_x and catterz88
i hope i can grab u !!! im really fallin in luv wth u !! aauww !! auuww !! but im still noticed who i am to be wth u....
Smile b/c I have great people in my life ..
JorDanDanSmith You and JDirty14 are on the same twitter game level
Dear asshole neighbor, stop shooting your damn gun.
I miss my mom...
On social networks FEMALES are always going 2find a way to fuck w/ eachother..on twitter it just so happens to be in forms of SUBTWEETS
Cheesecake Factory + Carolina game = my life complete.
Why everyone talkin bout cancer?!
I can't believe this! ^^ Happy :))
Commentator ni BANGANG terlampau kan? The dude's name is Shahrul, not Shazrul la bodoh. You're annoying and I hope you read this!
Omg my mom's cheesecake is sosososoo good. Like to die for. CHEESECAKE, Y MUST YOU TEMPT ME?
Everyone going to WTT tomorrow can kiss my ass!
Is lossie the only place without snow?
I missed the Chase Center last night
There's me and one other person on my bus? What the fucks going on?! :L
Such a cuddly night with tommy can't wait to spend the whole weekend with him :)
iam To Love Eveyone The Way God Loves Them...To See Them The Way He Sees Them...
adverts always ruin a programme, especially when they come on at the best bit
RudeTube can't you get someone else 2 present the show! Alex Zane is not funny when he thinks he is! annoying!!
I always have the random urge to honk a horn when I'm not getting someone's attention. Then I realize I'm not in my car...
RAF interview tomorrow, on poppy day at 11am.
Thanks for your patience.. Gimme a few weeks!!! And I got y'all
had an amazing day today,
michaelcaines we are going to the Bath Priory for lunch to celebrate our 1st wedding anniversary! What do u recommend?
Wow my favorite team other than the braves just signed Albert Pujols to a 10 year deal! That is pretty HUGE for the Angels.
So my nephew should be here tomorrow...Excited.
I need a cuddle buddy
Working tonight, getting up early tomorrow to take my mom's bikes to the shop, then bike night tomorrow night
Grizzly grumpy grinchy growly. That was me all last night & the same on walkies. Was kept on lead ALL the feffin time, made me worse
did she just call me bruh-bruh
I want more followers :( I only have 70
I have no hope everybody is gonna be thicker than me in my family
I mean, really. Jesus Christ does exist. Men's corrupt ways ruins that for everyone. UGHHHHHH
Got accepted to ULM
When u goin back north everybody get off the train...
Been a while since I actually did something with my hair cuz I never have the time -.-
GREAT SERMON BY PASTOR HUDSON
Cooking noodles and drinking tea.
FairviewProbz : when randy isn't working at circle k.
I want to travel around the world styling models' hair for fashions shows.... And my school is going to allow that to happen
Nvrm, gonna be with my beautiful niece Camila for the whole night !! :D
might be delayed but just seen a picture of Zayn smoking
Straight No Chaser with my favorite guy!
Seeing Tintin with nunumber007  B4 it is out  thanks to wcp!  Excited Winning :)
Yeshua is the cure for all diseases this is y the world try to discourage many from serving him. They know his power and truth.
When will the snow start stickin
B days are all my lecture classes.
Dont Get Mad Get
Wisconsin winning on a running into the kicker is the BIGGEST bitch mode thing I've ever seen.They deserve to lose.
some people really twit bullshit.. don't just twitter all kind of crap.. and please don't twitter 3 or 4 times after each other ._.
Xfactor and Peter Andre tonight
MattRusso3 doesn't know how to use twitter
VasMatty a_neale5 you guys should had come by here instead.
-everytime i see pickles it reminds me of my love  JustDatChick_
Another Day to celebrate you Lord! Happy Thanksgiving to all of you & your family's! God Bless
I secretly think u wantt everything I have,do whatever I do. Like back offfffffffffffffffffffffff.
justinbieber The clip of Santa Claus Is Coming To Town is perfect, OMG! proud :) 27
Just got three new books
My life is complete! I'm in the one million club on temple run
What!? cursed Comeon GabsKeegs I ll be freaked out if I some how end up with her CD in my car or my hand without knowing.
Im done dealing with you tonight. Youve done nothing but be an ass to me all day.
Home n bed bound
Oh dear Lord I don't want to take this test
Lets hope this works out
The fact that I'm going to bed right now is big. I procrastinated less than usual today.
Deep down I hate you ...
I'm running from a war zone! Have had this one line in my head all day!
can someone please throw the ball into ty on the low block he has a fuckin midget guarding him!!!
The Cain campaign now has its exit strategy provided for it.
OrganicJOOS allaboutirma lindamclay abandofwives lindacarmical tdawn414 Thank you Lauri! Sorry for repeats! Lost & so behind ! Joy :)
Sometimes I wish you would open your eyes and look right infront of you  
Been smiling ear to ear all day, it feels so good to be brought up instead of being brought down happiness ;)
& I woke up to a text asking me to perform on New Years Day.   O WORD?!?!
Watching arthur christmas put me in the christmas mood :D yay
Thankful for Jesus Christ, who saved me from hopelessness and continues to give my life purpose!
God damit this bitch in my class is chew and popping her dam gum like a fat ugly cow!
30 days until my birthday!!!
I mic ma fone damn,,,,sumbody please hook me up toe..FRUSTRATED!
I'm enjoying all this laughing I'm doing.
Can't handle this scorpion eating...
PathService Why couldn't support have emailed me this fix almost 2 weeks ago when I first started emailing about it?
Cannot wait until Christmas! fav day of the year by far
Jersey shore won't be the same without vinny. Love you vin<3 depressed):
Represented Greece today with
I really wish I actually saw justin even though I had fan passes they put general admission in first :/
hate when you type a tweet you worked so hard on!! and it doesnt fit -___-
My trip to LA has come to an end, loved this thanksgiving break!
Ive got 1 math final Tuesday then im done for this semester.
Didnt eat all day, anything edible right now would be
Just got my sushi fix...
“LosTheHost650 This Fear Factor shit is no joke” <-- fo realz but Joe Rogan doesn't need to be yelling the whole time lol
Is blessed and highly favored dispite the prayers of those against her
Is it sad that that advert actually brings happy tears to my eyes?...
Oh Texas honky tonk. I have missed you.
Two more days & this week will be over!!!!
going to the airport and not getting on a plane
My heart is beating so fast right now.....
Last 2 minutes of being 16
My birthday is exactly ONE month from today!
I wish my bird would realize i only wish the best for her and start trusting me to come on my finger ..
- If someone would ask me what a beautiful means, I would lean my head on your shoulder, hold you close to me and answer , Like this.
Work training now :/, but California tonight, Disneyland tomorrow! :) 
iPhone chucking some great songs out on shuffle ed sheeran matt cradle example John mayor
This time next week Christmas will be all over for another year!
msmandilynn I am lonely!! Leave work early and come home!
TheBreMobile Ahhhh! My mommy might get me the white beats for christmas!! =)
White Chicks is trending....IS IT ON?!?!?!??! No.
Getting ready to head to Dallas with the CRŪ!! Prestonwood here we come! Excited it'sgonnabeafuntwodays :)
I'm so excited for my plans with a bottle of wine + some ginger cookie ingredients this evening. Drinking + baking by myself =
Big day, about to be an official hawk
Prom night! And where am I? At home. What will I be doing tonight? Studying.
so I gotta go shopping for BAI_BOO Mrss_DamnFool8 BriChante Christmas gift this weekend (;
Thanking God for another day Blessed Thankful ...
I wanna just be back home right now...
Nothing can ruin this day
I just don't understand what I can do to make you mine I thought I've proven myself to you but I guess you don't see it...
Oh pinterest you are so interesting and neat.
tbear_12 I did,  we are going to do this.
I need a new damn phone. frustrated.
In the theaters right now. About to watch Breaking Dawn!!!
So happy and thankful for my close new family tmhansen12 MaKaylaPerryman brittany, and the family I've always had BethanyAman
HUDT alumni performance at the mens game today!
Your love never fails, never gives up, never runs out on me.
just sitting on the sofa chilling at beccacooles completely by myself
ZackRyder and I've never seen someone so in love with theirselves more than you
Thuis van school en hessels
I'm holding on to a fairytale, we're moving forward but we're not there yet.
How is it that I can be ten hours away, and just by the sound of my voice my daddy knows something's wrong?
finally figuring out life and it feels so good
Happy Sunday Everyone!! It's a cold one! 7 days till CHRISTMAS! :)
Gonna play with a puppy all night (: kelseyjsmithh
I just got snapped the fuck out on , and idk what the fuck I did . irritated !
That akward moment when it's silent and you pass gas loud and everyone looks at you
I don't think I know anyone who actually fully completed no shave November.
Still @ dam grady been here since 2p.m yesterday shit
Goood Morning, feeling quite motivated today
I hate being home alone.
Why are you happy about maken females mad?? You must like drama!!
Christmas shoes is the saddest song ever
somehow i knew what you said was to good to be true
I always got a typo.
hate when people say stuff thts not true and they know it isnt..
graciebby93's always talking about her wedding disgusted .
Didn't win the Plating Ticket .. there goes my dream in meeting justinbieber
work till six then going to the game :)
My Stephie is coming home to me!
AustinMahone  it's pretty funny how ur followers keep going up but mines just going down depressing :(
Found a job, paperwork Wednesday!
our place is never gonna snow
Finishing essay will soon finally apply to college!
Officially able to get my tattoo after I graduate!
Patrice Evra trending for all the wrong reasons while making all of the right comments.  :/
i feel like i'm the only one still here, exams please end!!
not setting an alarm for the first time in 4 months!
Mon frère ma commandé mon poster DW pour noël :DD
katie_b123 oh no was so looking forward to new twilight disappointed:(
God Really Looks Out For Me...
Make my wish come true! allll i want for christmas ..is you! <3
Rockin_Mama True. I think my kids are too old though. They're too cool for all kinds of shit now
I already received  nicest texts this morning let me start start sending them back
ATL bound to see the fam and watch the Final Four. Cue the waterworks.
Watching rockos modern life!!!!
Ugh couldnt I have been born with a taller gene adding about 5 inches to my vertical length.
chinosssss96 bad times, there is just so much that she doesn't teach us but expects us to know
Finishing work for a week on Friday... Let the boozing begin excitement  ! :D
Most chh artists won't even ask u what's ur relationship w/ God is like. They'll just ask u what's ur local church! Smh
Nicole_Gentile is it weird / gay that I know exactly what song ur talking about?
Wow, our little team of misfits got pretty far in Deca volleyball :o
Eggheads lose again! Twice in two days!
I had a walk in the rain..
Oh yeah... rocking new tombushell82 and MrMarshToYou promo soon to hit the airwaves...
Why can't MNF hurry up?
trapdinawrpool It's like the best thing on TV is the Yuletide fire.
Leaving for Vegas in a couple hours
made it through meps, some questioning then i can enlist :)
Only if you could see how ridiculous you look...
Ladii In The Streets & A Freak In The Sheets.
How's it in the 641
“k_wats22: turkey stuffing mashed potatoes mac n cheese broccoli casserole dumplings green beans corn sweet potatoes pregnanttweet?”
finally converted my windows 7 desktop to the Mac OS X Leopard..
Titanic 3d I'll go to watch it, it's going to be beautiful in 3d :))
- Finished my exams and now i can finally say that i have completed my first semester in college :)
Exhausted && physically tired,, but I can't fall asleep >=(
literally shaking right now.
People in LA do not know how to drive in the rain! Thank goodness I only had a 10 minute commute..
This Thanksgiving, if you have family & good food to celebrate, think about how those in need rely on human services
God send me an angel from the heavens above....send me an angel 2 heal my broken heart from being in
I'm not crying because I am weak. I'm crying because I've been strong for too long.
PokMcFee ooh, do you have a photo? motorbike frog?
Ooohhh first time I see TTT album advert..happy..
Don't be afraid to let your heart lead you somewhere where there's a chance of a happy ending...you might lose out on true happiness!
1st day in December  ..-_-..  disappointed !!
good night ! :) new day tomorrow .. RESULTS OF EXAMS ! nervous ..
I hate when my sister drives my car
elaine123abc thematchupszone micahbrunner Unfortunately, there were a ton of Hawks fans attacking Schefter. Not just one random guy.
I hate it when I go onto justinbieber profile and it still dosent say  ' justinbieber is now following ShaniceWhite1 '
Skegness naughtyreunion tomorrow with the girls !!
easton with grandma and dad.
Welp, here goes nothing
I hope this is the one!
I cleaned my room...!!!! happy lol
My mother is the most impatient person ever.
I fucking love my lions
Why does jakes bus never come on time
my ex JUST hit me up outta NOWHERE, he's up to something, he knows abt something &im not sure what he has in store for me . .
Thats good for you MrsMugo got some more to go
Still trying to find a good place to live in Atlanta.
Why the fuckk is there so much traffic on cotrrell!?
Going to my uncle Donnie's tonight. Get to see my little cousins Robbie and Sierra who I haven't seen in almost a year. excited <3
penniesonaplatt there are so many ridiculous rules and guidelines. I'm hoping the website I'm using to host it works out.
Drunk driving, not OK. The gaming industry lost a great producer + a better friend today when some idiot drunk driver hit + killed him.
Thanking my GOD for another day, with people I couldn't live a day without. :)
Khushal Ppl love u...Its time u realized dat facts and stop acting like a noob...Love...
The thing about reaching your dreams... Just time to create new ones.
One of those nights when I wish I had more than this stupid old pillow to hug...
Like wait til you get a car& we'll see how much u like giving rides..
jermjackson5 when will the german edition of ur book come out???
bboyer427 OMG now I know why we are friends. I have The Click Five's CD. Love them.
At the point where I'm refreshing twitter every 30 seconds
A Very Gaga Thanksgiving on ABC?! Yesssssssssss Thankful ladygaga
God bless my chiropracter who treats ministers and their families for FREE
This 22 bus smells lile OPEN ASS!
I love Tigg_ty <3 <3 <3 :))))
WOW!!! you fricking Farted 4 times in a row.. How Disgusting.
This day is going by pretty quick. surprised.
If you fuck wit somebody I don't fuck wit , I won't fuck wit youuu fact especially if you dick riding
Omg Fear Factor is coming back! :)
Amazing workshop yesterday with Risabg, Meisner class tonight & first class ucbtla tomorrow! Great week of learning & growing!
This girls voice is so
I'm thankful for life. And this family, even though it's the most dysfunctional one out there...
My brother is blaring California Girls right under my room. How am I supposed to sleep?
KT informal is tomorrow night!! excited :)
TomDaechsel it is my favorite steelers jersey.
I wanna see my boo tomorrow ;) ii hope all goes well
joeandhisface I have just lost faith in humanity. We just take things and blow them out of proportion for money and publicity.
Oh my gosh. Your girlfriend broke up with you. You'll live. Stop being such a vagina and get over it.
Gone to see breaking Dawn with annnabriggs
Advent calenders tomorrow,yaaaayyyyyyyy
Day was a lil crazy, but in the midst of it all I enJOYed a meal, the beauty of the sunshine, and the splendor of a full moon
thank god to E4+1 that i have not missed misfits, can't believe this is the last episode
Christmas eve by justinbieber is beautiful
Hate to leave this beautiful city life
Are you kidding?  She's going to ruin it. JoselineNicole: Can't wait for Annie starring Willow Smith
I think tonight could be considered as a success :)
when you start living for yourself, good things happen.
Amazing time with my AVers, I love you all!
motocox_307 maybe if you'd text me you wouldn't be so
Going to bed before midnight
gotta say...no matter what, i love BadBoyJJR with all my heart :)
Would u mature up drop the bs and kill ya pride & Ego and admit u miss me as much as i do.
peopleimthankfulfor is my family <3 through everything I went through I knew I always had them to be there for me <3
“_AyanaTomeka_ JanelleMonae I love being a woman. We are LOVE.”
never ever will I ever hop in front of a video camera again StephDiPonio
Could really use someone to come watch twilight with me
if you know I don't like you, please don't follow me. thanks(:
Just picked up my $25 gift certificate at diningroommiami. Looking forward to checking them out very soon!!
I see worse and worse drivers everyday
just poured my heart out to the guy i love.......sad ):
jaimesey rhondamcmeekin sinjohns - where ya all go.....come back
Two workdays and two rehearsals then I'm homeward bound! Can't wait to see my family on Thursday, WOO HOOO 
7 days and I'm home for 1 month.
thatCole_b its a scary  thing this thing they call
I'm really not in the mood for math..
OMG MY HEART IS BEATING SO DAMN FAST RIGHT NOW........
What's good on tv tonight tweeters? Gotta eat then get 10hrs in in the altitude tent.
Can't nobody tell me nothin about this peanut butter and jelly on toast though.
oomf just doggd me :(
things i don't feel i should have to fucking do. compete for your attention over a game.
Fucking loved this night. Witnessed Kjwan, Mad Hatter Day, and Curbside do magic.
Hoy No Hay Clases
Fingers. Wrapped up healin in progress
I hate when people just assume!!!
D0ct0rd0nk you should be down here cheering on your basketball boys.
eerste rijles ging goed
My friends lift my broken heart everyday
HATE when people reply quickly when you aren't too bothered about getting a reply yet take forever to reply when you need them to!
Can't wait to go black Friday shopping.
WTFuckFacts AlabamaFizz18 now I can't stop staring at my nose..
I can't fucking concentrate, people need to shut up. Im actually trying to study here. -__- annoyed.
ItsThatPatGuy theres a muppets movie?? Probably wont show it in korea
You think Jesus got in trouble for turning over the temple tables. I love Gods Zealous love.
Sitting around laughing and joking wit the family reminded me a how I miss the good old times we had!!!!!
cant fuckin sleep.
Please just dont treat me like im 2 and lie to me..
nd como no ir al cole!
Aw I love playing the guitars with fisher early in the morning.
One by one by God and still counting.....
These hoes be fuckin for Money pills & weed ! Sad!
One less sleep til Christmas
Love never forces. Love is intelligent and brings only what you need ~ Deepak Chopra
at fridays for 1/2 priced appetizers w/ laura, lys, steve & dre!
If Luke bryan would sing every single day I would finally be happy love!
I hate when I text someone and they respond an hour later!
I can't even compliment a cute dog anymore?!
adiehayes i just saw you very first tweet on my page that wasn't a retweet
grilled cheese & mr. noodles.
Got cheetah print shoes today
Just Got Out The Shower Felt So Good
After all this time, I've finally learnt my phone number off by heart
Solid workout with romeo_patron and Canadaknows now time to hangout and eat
jillymorg netflix isn't working?!?
Home alone with nespresso and frozen planet catch up.
Whoa my parents are actually in a good mood today.
About to start packing :)
Just don't knoww that to do :(
Finally got dahx heels i wantd! :)
i miss you but at the same time i do nothing for us, i know i cannot have u.
1213please follow me back! everytime i see the OLLG in the stage i say THATSHOULDBEME DEPRESSING justinbieber
msjuicy_fruit22 lol! Shut up girl but yes
TheEllenShow ...rats, guess I didn't win any tickets...
As if harrys gone over a million followers and the other boys are stuck way down below? theyre all fake fans,so frustrating!
iRunFar 11miles 2 go & everyone knows NEVER count out Ellie...Anna has increased lead but Ellie closes like a freight train Excitement!
Bruno Mars- it will rain.
somethin came up and my interview iz 2morrow kinda mad and bumbed out about it bcuz i was nervous but i was so ready:-/
OTrueb you land and you don't even tell us?!?
loves getting bitched at for sleeping. k whatever.
It was funnier before you guys acted like you were involved like really
I'm ready for Thursday. No work, good food, and weird looks from family members.
Finishin sentences and shit
Awww man so bummed i wanted to get some better than sex!:(
manilovefilms yep but I've had issues with other lambtweets as well. Don't know whats up with that
finally getting a phone tomorrow
You seriously can't call anyone else annoying cause you are.
This time next week I will be homeward bound!!
Good Morning off to work in a little not SWEATING the little things!!!HAPPY (:
TommyTrash am not gettin creeoers for boxing day now am gettin white vans
oddly enough, she'll be the 1st face i see other than my sons in the morning
That awful heart stopping moment when you can't find your ticket your weekend trip!! And the utter relief when you find it.
I miss jersey around this time of the year.. We would have huge family celebrations with tons of food! :( I miss jersey.
I don't text you back for a reason
I wonder what he's going to say when he get home... 
Hope that I can get this done...
I had a wine bottle slide out on my cellar~ about 6 feet up~ do I even need to tell you about the mess & project it created?
Goodnight yall i needa go to bed
Only A Few More Hours & I Get To Go & Get Ready For Tonight's Adventure Excited!
Amazing to have the girlfriend home again :)
We are thankful for all of you ... you do not have to support us but you do
I love surprises! Only good ones tho.
he just crossed himself.
Really upset about ryanbraun and the alleged positive PED test. Synthetic testosterone is being reported as the PED
julayhunt back tickles all night
I hate butterflies in my tummy. They never lead to anything good on my life
Can't wait to see him!
No one giving Newfield a chance to beat Garden City. C'mon Man.
nummiesbras I wish my kid would acknowledge that.
Thank U for all my birthday  Wishes!!!!
rubio actualy played well tonight
I love coming home and seeing my family  
Lots of RTs and mentions today. Thank you much and have a good night everyone!!!
redbitmerah sorry bro, harini x sempat gi gym
In de buss ;p
Bday is this saturdaay ! I think I might get that new HTC fone (; Excited.
nikkipapcun haha I'm applying next year!
Black friday is my holiday. Nothing I buy is even necessary but its cheap.
why is this kid at my house? like seriously go away. ugh so
Put i infront  of it and 2 after so she kno its realRT I_WOOP_HEFFAZ: 700_NAYNAY
Had a lot of awkward moments early this year. Seriously don't know how I survived.
It really shouldn't have to take the loss of a life for people to feel more at ease to talk about depression :\
Mingland_13 caseys or something? By bcc
so i start reading a book and only get through three pages and its got to be returned on monday
his voice is sooo
Daniel Gilbert was right, we're not so good about predicting our own
It's hard not to care what others think of you when you care so much for everyone
Hair cut n dye today! excited :)
This weekend is gonna be so fun. (:
Woke up from a nightmare.. thank goodness it was just a dream!
I jus graduated!!! Im headed home!!!
Up=new favorite movie
Argh, every time I think I have a grasp on it, I screw something else up, or ferget something new. I'm better than this >:(
What kind of A* wanker splits up with his girlfriend for 4 months, gets with you for a month and a bit then goes back to his ex? disgusted!
oomff is so hot, made my day
Everyone I wanted through is through..
6 of my friends got married/engaged/delivered their child in A WEEK, it was a busy week I must say
Theo quit cuz he couldn't beat Samar in a video game.
Reading your old wall posts made me cry.. I miss you so much and i guess i'll never get another chance
My mom just hit a deer on her way home, and my sister was laughing about it.
edsheeran lego house has just come on at work
totally didn't puke last night.
jayykiwi Like we weren't supposed to know?!
my friends seriously act like their four sometimes haha
Another extra early day tmrw but then it's the weekend!
BlueJays fans- don't be upset about Yu- for why see Dice-k, iwaga, irabu, nomo as examples. He may be great but not $125m great!
RaeGoCray We still haven't hung out yet..
The eagles are so hard to watch
OAN: haven't been to bible class all semester b/c of school but Jb and I  are getting ready to head out now
Why do i always want to eat? Ugh so
First day of work
rpurvis_5 TruuReligion5 y'all know y'all family!  Lol
I've had it with this motherfucking rain on this motherfucking day.
Saint game tomorrow with oliverf3 NickNackNutSack! Wooh  
The Nobel Peace Prize was given out yesterday in Olso, Norway! 2 were awarded  to Liberian women; Pres. Sirleaf and Leymah Gbowee!
Shortly thereafter he climbed onto the piano bench and sung nonsenical phrases I perfectly echoed for 5min
Oh yeah! BE-rijbewijs in the pocket!:))
Or what you're drinking. Or what is humping your leg from behind.
NP -  Azealia Banks - 212 holy hell!!
Waiting for Sunday roast watching Grease, never gets old
Giving my first talk in my new ward today!
LetsGoPiking almost there... food excitement you!
Real_Liam_Payne your doing a twitcam later?:) awww yeah! you haven't done one in ages
Apparently my account has been hacked by boner pill ads. Fuck you, ads.
My iPhone recognizes IB, why don't the colleges I applied to
A lot of man love. being shown to David Beckham in melb media today
soo far, my ultimate wish has not come true....
Gonna miss not having insideout today
Module 1 bijna afgerond !
everyday i wake up with her in my head and go to sleep with her in my head, My day starts of good and coudnt have a better end
best post-essay hand in lunch to look forward to: 2 greggs cheese&onion pasties+beans+vanilla slice! amazing.
not sure i need to be subjected to mondorock on a Saturday morning
We always ignore the ones who adore us, and adore the one who ignore us.
Missing mattyb359. I hope this week goes by fast so I can just be home for good.
Blessed to see another day.!
Mom left me she could go shop for me
MissMaizK back on this buzz MATCHING!!!
justinbieber okay..my hopes wont come true..i guess u will never reply..that's the real life..im not lucky at all :'( sad 4
Notice their aren't many black dicks on is_anyone_up
Saddest I've ever been...
Can't believe there's snow in the forecast.
I'm searchin 4 what I neva got from momz…
I'm gonna miss talking to you..
Listening to my boy LukeBryanOnline on repeat all day!  can't wait to see you in February!! :)
The nutcracker market is insane.
CantWaitToSee Dwyane Wade finally play on sunday.
I'm so thankful for my family... So blessed to have a Christian family who has pushed me in the right direction!!!!
otterbox iPhone cases should come with someone who can install them for you.
Internet in my house needs to work.
This is  bs i  clean the house just to be with my baby AngieeBaybee3_  then my parents talk about maturity nd say not today!!!!:/  sad ...
If your going to wear heels... Learn how to walk in them first
This whole weekend put together I've probably talked to him an hour all together!!!
Another day.....another blessing!
Alright im done wit break it can b over now too much fam time need my friends nd my bf
Going to SkiAoache on Saturday w thee Fam(ily]!:D
Heart beats are racinq ! Excited !!
Next semester is going to be so different.
obi_ibeneme basil24004 I think I did lose all respect now. I don't get how that could happen.
ScarlettMelodyK it 's my fault today ! We didn 't tweet much bestie . Miss you even more ):
Love to everyone who come down to the O2
Metal Gear Rising me parecio como si estuviera viendo Bayonetta... aunque Raider no es tan sexy
Cleanin my room. Dang i have more things than i thought
Ur facial expression...my presencemadeu
Thank you for all the blessings papa god. For taking good care of my fam and for giving little warrior to us. LOVE :)
Slept 5am and woke up an hour ago with so much energy, joy and happiness in my heart. thankful.
RheaGreavesx woohoo got twitter love you millions smelly LOVE  x
spricecakes ..........i don't want to talk about it. lmfao
ahhhhhhhhh ASTRO is out of TheXFactorUSA that really really SUCKS big tym!!
Ready for these 2 weeks to fly by!
It's turkey day
Your that teacher who pauses the movie every 2 seconds..id rather be writing notes then PLAYIT your
Them hoes my mama age & they let me & my sisters get the best of them
ManU_FC what are you playing at?
3,000 tweet! I'm so thankful for everybody who is apart my life and the things I'm blessed with. Thank you for everything!
Looked up blue waffle on google...pretty much the nastiest thing i've ever seen..i'd rather watch 2 girls 1 cup...
Got my 2nd Audition this evening... then i have to wait an age to find out!!
NateJones10 speaks the truth. We just had to be next to the two loudest chicks in the place
Omg... I'm about to cry):
In the 4 years ryanglancy and I have been together, we've never spent thanksgiving together. That changes this year!
...in the place of judgment...ur critical & condescending ways aren't going to improve your position there one bit. (Rom 14:10 MSG)
I swear I'm soooo blessed it's not even funny..
Michael Jordan not siding with the players
Girls Night Out tomorrow!
I have not left my apartment today, and just woke up from a short coma
Party Rock Anthem just came on my Dubstep station on Pandora...
I get to truly sleep in tomorrow......no football practice, no step practice, no moving, no nothing.
All I want to do is go to sleep, but I have so much work to do.
devanbarker Mr_Smada especially if you're eating
Struck35 what did he do to get you aroused this time
I be thinkin I want that...I had that but we fucked it up & now I miss it!
Just saw this fugly ass girl.. Bitch had bigger teeth than bugs bunny
Little Man's party is in an hour. :-) Family is coming over.
Hate when people are pissed at me ......
applied to university!! :D
SLOTHlevine omg my first
Just had a nice chat with my mama, she finally responded to my PCM, love that woman!... And yes your DamnSkippyISendMyMamaPCMs Proud :)
Ashley Cole needs to pick his pants up.
macleanbrendan But they're headlining, so they won't be on until about 10:45 or 11ish too!
If you let me heres what I'll do I'll take care of you .
sarr_smith and jessicawhetsel remember when we all used to hang out and talk and go out together on a regular basis...
“Josh_Darling: Eating a ton today, drinking a ton tomorrow and saturday. thankful”
thanking god for allowing me & my family to see another day,!
watching intervention ... geez how this woman is addict to crack
This is Karma: cooked lunch for EllaTramunto now Remy's cooking dinner for me!
Monday hurry up I have a volleyball scrimmage!!
Hey lady at the printer beside me sniffing your nose every 2 seconds, here's an idea. Grab some Kleenex and blow it!!! Christ
The getaway plan are such a majestical band. Stoked I get to see them with my favourite.
nickbarber12 KatieJGx Hahahha Dick'ed
Everyone Did Such A Great Job With Their Secret Santa's!
HayesTSN Nonis interview - please ask about PK 'system', particularly D-Fronting. Opponents left all alone in front of Reimer
The Brooke Alison Story kijken, so damn beautyfull film.
Skype interview with camp war eagle at 1 today! soexcited and
My Mac is being real Wack right now
One of the best days ever
I've never ran to a light switch before.
Hey, LLMysteries and LiveScience, I don't follow you for ads, I follow you for science. Except now I don't follow you at all.
I only have 1 class for 2 days next week.
Happy Thanksgiving to you all who celebrate it & happy beautiful day to those of you who don't. May today be wonderful for you all
ADD ME ON FACEBOOK . MARIO B. AGUILAR (:
Brother sister date tonight! Dinner and a movie  cant get better than that =)
Why am I so antisocial  
Why does the football have to be on instead of I'm a celeb?
sometimes its like i live in a zoo because it is so loud.  i actually think im going to miss this zoo....one week til i move out
why isn't T_Lyon54 texting me back?
Ayy road-trip tomorrow
I DNT WANNA FUCK.. I WANNA MAKE
comm group project meeting on a thursday night
Aww i love at LotusBOMBo_O the most :) THANKFUL !!!
Another day in the books. Another lesson to be learned.
But thanking God for it anyway
Competition today(: LET'S GO MHS.  Can't wait to be back on competition floor
hate having my hair cute
I can't wait to go to Tunisia next year, it's going to be gorgeous. excited.
3 days till Christmas
hate it when this one girl uploads a NEW facebook pic EVERYDAY
Just decided I'm going to save my $ and go to sleep early while I have the chance
S/O to Eli telling me, me &my patnas was the only cute bitches in 1987RudeboiKing  Gumbo Monster movie..
fighting with a girl at night.....wow....athoru nalla eerpaadaanu...
Looks like ill be sitting infront of the tv 4 the rest of the night
20 sleeps to go, 20 sleeps till Santa <3
Just put my son on his stomach to sleep for the 1st time
no more beach house :(
Loving my jerseylicious smokey eye *pouts* I'm honestly becoming a pro at doing my smokey eye
Billy Joel, you sexy voiced man you.
biggest headache ever, no wonder i just woke up now from my nap. back to bed for me!
bridgetminamore you think your paperchase addiction is bad. i went to get xmas presents and spent £100 of savings cash on MYSELF.
Feels good to be back in the studio... Mixing time
gonna retire my redskins gear for a while
I Wana Go Back To Michiqan .
Sick, Fuck this stuff, :( I wanna die
Awww I miss my
NickKappert I see you doin lots of work today
AlliePepicello i go on it everytime i come. imgay i know. I miss you.. How long has it been like 12 hours?
Gas taxes pay <  3% to local rds. Why does santaclaravta bus with 40 pass not get priority over solo occupant motor vehicles.
Studying for my calc final.. I only have to get a 94 out of 100 to get an A in the class
Restordaroar4 aw Pete you know my style so well
all set for saturday excited!
Family is comin over laterr
dfelt08 holy shit that guy obviously didn't pay attention in english in elementary school
I'm anxious for tomorrow.
rowdyskinsfan now you know how us Buffalo Bills fans are ...
this weekend should be good!:D
justinbieber today i have seen You in Danish television 10 times! DenmarkMissJustinBieber <3 ChristmasEve is the Best song EVER!!
Aaugh!  My book is locked safely in the back of my car, but Laura's driving it (the car not the book).
AAHHHH out on the town tonight and putting up christmas decorations tomorrow!!!! Gonna be a gooooood weekend! :D
ok, i suppose its time to get up... lol ddlovato tonight!
& u the one who wanted all this smh???! <
I swear. Little bitches.
dey left mhe n here by mii self
Lana Del Rey is giving me glamour queen realness in the 'Born To Die' video.
i could lay in bed forever
Im so not getting twitter FRUSTRATED!
kt_harmon I'm not drunk. :( depressing.
Def wearing hooker boots tomorrow.
I cant wait to go get my lil tattoo next week
Chillin wit ma boo!!
This carrie film is shit. I thought it was suppose to be 'scary'. What a load of bull. Disappointment.
LosoKnowsBest TOLD ME I should have listened to him
5 more days till my birthdayyyy!!
To SAVE THE OCEAN we must give seafood a BREAK! Have your own moratorium. STOP EATING SHRIMP AND SEAFOOD NOW!
Helping my mom cook thanksgiving dinner.
it's monday...but it's my last bio lab!
thelukerodgers Champions & Real Men don't need to talk trash. Records & the way one carries himself speaks for him. Pride AaronRodgers12
Why am I so emotional?? I hate it.
Not putting christmas decs up til next weekend :(
Cause its so simple rite? u_u
My family's the shit.
Today was my last time playing with Sand Creek Marching Band.....
My baby SidneyCrosby isn't playing today or saturday sad pghpenguins
When your watching a good film and adverts come on,
It could be a lot worse. For that mere fact, I am
bgaxi im having fun already and its only been 5days! Haha!im thinking march 2013. Gotta speak to my mom about an exact date.
NeedledPoppet WHERE ARE YOU! :l
Yay for moving in to our new house!!
I swear I be dodging them bullets frm my past man
Books in college are the biggest scam! $62 for books I paid $500 for? Yeah right.
Yesterday was stressful but I'm thankful no one was hurt.
Got a keratin treatment on my hair.... So incredibly straight! I'm in
Im going 2 sleep b4 my lil 1 gets here!!!! I got outta school early 2day too!!!!!
HBomb3333 I wish I could delete my number from his phone as soon as he goes anywhere near alcohol!
Ooooh I hope I do well
BAd4ahReaSOn21 Yup my daughter had a straight moment
I could seriously care less right about now
Thank u lord for waking me up this am.....
.saziimushh iheartbigbro8 how boring when I block someone so they go to all the effort of making a new twitter just to abuse me
amylauren3 Tarynskee that shows you're not a real hockey fan, you're a bandwagon fan. You like the Oilers when they are winning.
So we have 2.5 hours to spare at the airport and this idiots playing hide & go seek!!! The embarrassment!!!!
That's something I wanna hear..
so this week in going to try to look on the positive side of things
no more How to Make It in America!
ayee i get to go to the watch the throne concert!
bkarthauser23 if I were the panthers I would lol at tht. And nvr talk to u again. Da only bull gonna score in this game is a lineman
iHate My Sistersss , They Get On My FcKn'Nerves Sometimess Mann iSwear ! ANNOYED .
so I guess I'm getting a German Shepard! excited (:
IsItJustMeOr do people just not know how to keep their mouth's shut.
Somebody Gone Get Ah Cuss Out Tomorrow !
I'm forever accepting that I am going to be miserable my whole life. Why do all good things come to an end?
«RmMinister31 Thanking God for waking me up! He didn't have to do it but He did! Thankful»
melbFISHMONGER gavinacppa it's just a shame you don't realise how much the system drains you.
abennz_ yes it'd be acceptable to wear.....and congrats on wearing pants tomorrow i'm
yay BriannaCrump626  your wish came true!!! :D
I'm up early and I'm still sleepy,so Yeap I'm grumpy. BOAN bless to see another day
I hate when people complain & make excuses about everything
Being late for the doctor means I have to wait ten years before I can even go back
UN DIA MAS for MY BEST MUTHAFUCKIN FRIEND Pancake_6 to be back!! Yayy! Excited :)
It snowed and I have to drive to harper this morning.
Love taking time out and look videos I made of my son growing up
Birthday greetings to one of the best sons and brother love narsi23
cuteevidhi U+ iamsrk = Love love xo+ox
shmallison7 I don't really appreciate you throwing animal crackers at me.
Im gon ALWAYS have a question to ask cuz its like da SHIT unreal but in reality...its the truth!!
Thanking the creator for another opportunity....
I really don't want to her about your boyfriend in every tweet
Sometimes I just wanna punch you in the throat, so you shut your fucking mouth you annoying piece of shit fucker.
If this is how it was gonna be...
jstern15 miele_23 it's gonna be a sleepless night
I have nothing to do but go look!!!!!! And no i havent! Excited brittanyrosee
Snow on my birthday :)
stop getting married on facebook,
RickRockhouse it's my weekend too!!
3 more tweets babbbbaaayyy!!!
Didnt get to spend 11/11/11 11:11 with the girl i love
Cutting the mohawk off while whyyoujellybr0 holds my hand.
I didn't know Mac Millar was white...
februarysownkyp not entertainin me right now seeing as you didn't no that can get a tan when skiing
Spongebob and Patrick are so simple-minded and argue all the time. And people want that kind of friendship? How sad.
rhiannonevanss should be well good! excited!
birthday 5days christmas break
love when ur trying to sleep and your moms putting away dishes, your dogs barking, and your dads yelling at the dog to stop barking
VictorWanyama you all played superb and can hold your heads up high.
OHHMELiS I feel like crying
yes extra foods, please feel free to randomly schedule me and notify me in an hour advance. not like I had plans tonight.
Beauty0187 I thought my friend knew you lol
Oh my gosh SAT scores are available today
InTheMourning is trending worldwide! Well done Parafamily - proud :D
Hate when people use my ipod and don't know how to put It in a place where I can fuckin find it
Suck a 100 dick n blame it on half a pill
Sparkling Christmas tree in the corner reminding me that next year will be new changes .
y0ungRath wish you would stop complaining and get to sleep. jk. wish we shared a room.
This Nigga is fucking annoying. I'm 5 seconds away from bustin him in the face.
Yayy about to walk into toys r us. The wait in line wasn't that bad
my parents freak out over anything i tell them, then wonder why i dont tell them anything anymore
Going to the dolphins Vs Eagles game, got front row seats!!!
AHhh  Here at Work.. Ready To start Party Time With My Good Friend ETHAN!!! Pre party Club Then After Party at My place!!
Would rather ride on E then go pump my own gas
How you gonna' date a skanky hoe like that?
Bah, 7.30 and I'm wide awake when I don't need to be up until 10! could this be something to do with me flying to Bilbao later?!
b_BO_land :) & i know didnt even come say hiiii ..
TaylaStJames What sorry I just almost shot myself in he face cause the twilight cast is on Ellen today :(
What an awful song!
me 'doesnt 50 cent have kids?' babe 'yes.' me 'isnt his name 25 cent?' marquise jackson is 25 cent! this makes me happy (: GO_dieg0_GO <3
I Feel like absolute crap
you don't realise how much i despise you! annoyed.
I have such a classy family.
He just gave me the most unexpected gift :) thankful.
soooo my Christmas list is lookin goood
Some girls are so desperate.
And in other news, the Pope has announced that he is not a Muslim.
am orf to my boudoir & my comfy bed ...enjoy  thanksgiving everyone across the pond & remember being thankful is NOT just for today Be
So another day aint always promised but i no ill be okay cus i got u
I can't wait for this semester to end!
I hateee my phone, but HEY at least I got one...thankful .
So..... uhm,  who cares about this basketball drama on facebook..?
Just done my solo talk!
wow. mom and joe. STFU FIGHTING !
Not very talkative today
IamMishaB why do you always push your tongue up against your front teeth?
Anyone else going to the Sabres game  tomorrow?!
Can't watch the game right now but freaking out as I keep up with the score.
np Janet - Let's wait awhile -
Why am i so incapable of getting to bed early? i blame showchoir. ...and the show Friends.
He Lies,.She Cries He's Not Sorry Yet He Apologize, She Complains,. He Doesn't Change Yet She Still Remains.!
Freaking out and hyperventilating.
Trying to find my little cousin on here
my dad is currently en route to paris
im so darn BEAUTIFUL it is R I D I C U L O U S !!!!!
A guy killed his teenage son because the son molested the 3 year old daughter/sister.
Cannot Wait To Go To Miami and The Caribbean next summer
Shoved a tissue up my nostrils. Gave up blowing it every few minutes.
New phone, same number. Text me with your names
If it was silent in my house maybe I could study
Flight got delayed, spending my morning at the airport
Until you're thankful for what you've already Got, you won't be thankful no matter how much you Get!
lilmama412 I'll See You Tomorrow . Excited .
3 hour class done forever
Finally!! Been waiting so long for today! happyhumpday indeed!
why does fb never tell me I've got a mail annoying!
ready to be out of school!
Really worried about one of my friends but know there's nothing I can do for her...
A movie date with my hon and hopefully I would be able to find the wedge that suits me.
hopefully be workin fo chelsea if lucky:O :)
peyton_pollard2 amanlynn95 I'm just trying to have fun, since u crushed my dreams
amieisdancing I always makesure I set my alarm 30 mins earlier than I need to be up so it feels like I'm having a lie in
Theres a lot of thing money could buy but it can't buy u love.
You are so
listening romantic music <3
No chocolate in my house,
Yes! Lauren_Alaina is opening for Jason and Luke!
Just watch a perfectly healthy man run into Walmart. Guess where he parked..? In the handicap parking spot.
Exit13Ru get mad over stupid shit but be tweeting a whole loot of bullshit i swear that call just f'd my mood up dawg
LivPickett when zaynmalik is crying over the blonde bitch and doesn't acknowledge his supportive fans who WANT HIM BADLY..DEPRESSED.
Being single around the holidays is truly a blessing for my wallet!
NetsDaily Lets Go Nets very excited to see my lil/big cuzzin Marshon2 do work and hoist this rookie of the year trophy
The awkward moment when you realize that your the only one laughing at your joke.
4 more days til I get to see Breaking Dawn!
Big decisions to make in the next few weeks. Ohhhh boy.
miúdas de 12 anos com mais mamas que eu.
justinbieber So many surprises today! All I want for christmas is u mv, u GETTING NOMINATED for Grammys.. WOW. U've came so far :)
mitchwinehouse I was delayed on the trains today but had your Loiness to keep me company. She was AWESOME! Chin up pal!
Sooo this kid in my econ class picks his scabs and boogers and EATS THEM.
PV0 now you will never be on MW3 again.
Nothing to be stressed about but I'm still stressed....
fieldtrip na on saturaday excited :D
Car got broken into overnight. Nothing too valuble taken though.
Now that my sister doesn't have a phone all she wants to do is get on the computer. Annoying.
SweetJamesMD MacMiller TreeJTV so disappointed saw you guys in front of the tour bus and couldn't even say what's up
justinbieber i LOVED the itv special :DD <333 amazing preformances <33
felicia_lennon I wish I could retweet that... But your tweets are locked
«BrooklynSkai I will not company the Misery!!!»
Brought down by the weight of the world... Literally
En route to edinburgh for work
& why am I watching 106andPark sad .
I focus on the pain, the only thing that's real.
today leahdarrow came to our school to speak to us.. it was really cool! she is greatt(;
just because you lost doesnt mean you have to cry about it.
went outside to start another load of clothes... walked outside the washroom, looked up into the night sky & saw a shooting star.
Just had a little bit of a break down to my mum.
Im So Dizzy And My Belly Hurts
When I cut my workout short to go eat with you, I expect you to be ready when I get back
I don't like being awake this late thinking about work
judsonnnn I know. It kills me. I hate it. It's a good show. Just shut the fuck up and watch!!! annoyance.
It's good until it ends.....when you realize your by yourself with just your phone
me siento en las nubes!
You would think I would have learned my lesson by now
A kid threw up right in the middle of my first class. Sad to say my day didn't get much better from there.
“omgsoawkward: That awkward moment when you realize no one has a crush on you.  Omgsoawkward” hbes17 story of our lives?
No one bug me for the next hour burnnotice season finale is on
NikkiTheGleek dawnpickering not Batfink lol, ex and wife running their mouths and being obnoxious asswipes
Loud ass crying kids in the doctors office
some of my favorite songs are most certainly by awolnation.
KevinHart4real ready to see the movie ThinkLikeAMan. That is going to be a good good a$$ movie.
Apartment january 21st.. excited AmbitiousGurl90
Having a great day(: i am in such a great mood!(: no school for me tommorow im getting my licensee(: i hope... Wish me luck.
I know a handful of attractive females
that depressing moment when u see justinbieber retweeting, you see a lot of tweets except yours  sad 70
Hung out with him today <333
Take care and a pb&j
WoW Jenelle is playing Victim on
V1Pnana she almost fell into your arms
She gets on my nerves -__-
So glad its not cold outside! Its not winter yet :D
Don't come in my room and touch all my stuff
Remember that time I lobbed a tom across the common room and bust ur lip so u blanked me all day JoshHerczeg ?
Good morning! I have a feeling that today is gonna be a great day!
Right iMessage is just annoying... Whats the point in it if msgs dont send or receive until half an hr later. I don't get it!
People don't seem 2 understand everything in this world a test from GOD 2 achieve the after life ..& they make this world HEAVEN smh Sad ..
danngg...I forgot my harry potter movies at home....
TakeDatELLE didnt know this nigga was coming till this morning 2 am -_- hurt lls
'The best n most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched--they must be felt with the heart.' -Helen Keller
I'm thankful for my family and friends y'all know who y'all are
Christmas party at Wrefords tomorrow:) excited!!
Got my weekend all planned out yeah buddy (:
Happy 21st to my studly roomie whom I adoreeee with my whole heart!! kiersten_white you're a light in my life!!
I'm so glad Mr. Houston is gonna start helping me with geometry... iKarleyyy and I might pass now.
bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks..
I have such a girl crush on ZooeyDeschanel. Justsaying.
zooeydeschanel this morning in church, our hand bell choir performed. I half-expected them to play Eye of the Tiger!
The roofers next door sound like they are literally just banging hammers on stuff.
Have an interview next week!
I hate hearing people swallow.
A bike ride sounds great...too bad it is raining, well and I don't have a bike
How are the chiefs beatin the packers
Sometimes, what holds you together and what tears you apart are the same things.  (meaning...love)
please I need the time back to back
when my entire newsfeed fills up with pictures of yourself in front of the mirror, its time to delete a friend from my friendslist
feel so much happier & motivated after seeing the fam this weekend xx
Much needed quality time, Thankful!!
Bahala na si batman basta ako HAPPY lol
Why are parents so
I hope December is just as good to me as November was. Seriously, November was the best month I've had in awhile!
medariesnoiyh1 good morning! A little snow dust on the car = no scraping of windows
The office kitchen finally doesn't smell like microwaved fish. It smells like warm cake, but I CAN'T FIND IT ANYWHERE.
45 more minutes. ridiculous... Time needs to hurry up. annoyed :)
My christmas sweater is so boss
We are counting down until the 28 Nov - this is when Steve will be putting up our Christmas decorations!!
Legit almost died tonight when a spider was on the inside of my boyfriend's car window.
I was told to just go home playing or not that hurd
is anybody else's twitter just randomly deleting people that you are following? I've had to re-follow about 6 people up to now
Do people in the music industry know the trick to opening cds? Plastic wrap w/ nothing to grab & a sticker that rips in 12 places.
TaylorJayGrimes that awkward moment when all your sisters tell you there's no such thing as a Noah
The world famous HSBC Sevens World Series is coming to Glasgow in May!!!
Just had a huge blank on that physics test
Never thought Brandon Paul would be the one to get a girl pregnant.
Got a 97 on my english paper!
kelliesub I remember seeing it Sophomore year in high school... it looked like a bloody alien falling out of a fat mans beard
wow, 6 voor scheikunde
theawkwardmoment when you have to use your eyeliner sharpener on a real pencil
Just when I want to give up, someone is always there ready to cheer me up.
ShelbyHudd it's okay shelby welby, we forgive you (:
If my heart would beat for every second that I love you, I'd be immortal <3
Can't wait to get off work so me and my babies can put our Christmas tree up!!!
yet another beautiful, 80 degree snowless December day in West Palm.
How am I supposed to study for finals with everything that's going on?!? Oh well everything is good now..
I don't fuck with BULLSHIT or being
I love the holidays and spending time with family, but my mom and her side of the family are the meanist people I know!
omg demi is so sweet. i can't. I mean, it was her dream to sing with Kelly on a big stage and SHE DID IT. proud .
Another day, another blessing...everybody should be
MikeyCyrus so that means if she/he presses too hard that your balls could go back into you,
Muir can really kiss ma ass....
I wish I had a big family...or they lived closer
Awkwardly productive insomnia
Me and Chef_Thompson21 are so cool that we walked in journey kidz thinking it was journeys and started looking at stuff stuff
Liking people you never ever have a chance with
Wohoooo found what I'm wearing tomorrow
Julian_T_ stop you didn't. Like at first I thought u did and I got really excited.but learned to find out u didn't.
Beautyiz_PAYNE. Shoutout to tweesia :) and her marvelous bday tm
Puck in the morning
Really? I lost my yellow duck :/
N_Anderson_SC oh like how Matt's goes the opposite way you want it too? annoying ;)
Don't have much legit presents at the xmas tree :(
I'm 14 in 3 days! excitement!
tumeloabcrazy lol well except 4 me dude :(
cuddling in my bed watching christmas movies love :)
I'm sitting with timeywimeyjamie! :)
I hate being sick
when you love some one just be brave to say,that you want her to be with you.
abtw85 partner!!!!! Congrats on your new leg :-)
Actually studied for Spanish
How am I under qualified to be a stockroom assistant?! If your not going to give me a job at least tell me the real reason!
Yeah i had a shit load of homework to do. Cant
Casshole_x You shouldn't smoke! X
SIBEERIA later with bosses and co-working scholars!
ugh this is ridiculous..
It's situations like this that show you who truly is there for your and who your real friends are :)
st nicholas came last night and brought a one cup coffee maker... making hot chocolate and gonna listen to michael buble christmas cd
Learning how to play Adele on the piano
This fecking server is going out the window soon . . . .
davidstealove wooo as of Monday you're now Ms. McCaffery!
You all piss me off so much
Just landed. Back to the 631 to be with my family. Thinking about you grandma!
Going to the movies with Mom, Dad, Haley and Tyler.
I forgave you a long time ago, not for your sake, but for my own. grudges will steal your
Apps with peopleee. This should but interesting
Vikkisays_ ughhh dont call me that shit in public..thats my family name..
I think I am dying... Ugh. Sick as shit and somewhat hung over is a terrible combonation. sad =(
Why do theater kids talk so freakin loud!
Got a really bad pain in my stomachn
6 Cinema24 song's drums are finished as of today. Four more and then guitar tracking here we come.
Idk how many times I've seen Sweet Home Alabama...but it still isn't old. love.
My Coffee Arrived *yaaaay*
NEVER WANTED TO CALL A MAN A BITCH SO BAD. BUT I AIN'T GONE DO IT.
BROTHERRRR wingfactoryKOM *feel asleep lastnight....said to myself dang he didn't even lie* surprised ;')
Realizing that you battery is at 50% at 10 o'clock
Watching 106 nothing better to do
*Just a great figure eight, or a tiny infinity
How would she react if I confess? Would it have been more awkward & better that I not say? I still fear rejection. :(
I have far too many hoodies, and most are non zipup
Lost my phone charger and my phone is dead,
Ff lekker samen met me zus eten love <33
I cannot wait till teen mom 2 comes back on.
Christmas shopping with the mothership consisted of me waiting outside a lot of shops.
Going to bed Drivers Test in the AM than chillin with my Bestfriend alll dayy :))<3
I need the weekend
Yay!! I love surprises!!
Yaaayyy I_Terri_Yaki comes home today :D lol 
I never go out of my way to compliment people, but BryceHaffecke not only are you good looking, your girl is a stone cold fox.
Laughin at my big sister wobbleworld for havin probably the worst twitter I have ever seen! And I fort you were cool
ALL of the Alder Creek teachers are eating at the ram right now
Off to the countryside for a lovely family wedding
Id hate to have a friend like sheldon off the Big Bang Theory
2nd OLLG anniversary. 1st Pray anniversary. All I Want For Christmas Is You video came out. 15 million beliebers. This is amazing.
the other person you're living with has came back home while you're in the middle of texting her
Why are all these NASTY pictures coming up on my fb newsfeed ... Fucking make me wanna throw up
Twitter really should change the character limit to 160 instead of 140.
Sometimes I just fail at life.
Just flicking through the channels and LittleMixOffic were talked about on the BBC north east news
And LanaDelRey's song 'Video Games' was used for the song on the Sky advert!! YAYYY!! Happy!
Falling asleep under the christmas tree
3 touchdowns in 4 minutes??
Cape Cod bound..SKYLINER competition
My Mommie Bought Popeyes (:
Kaitlyn's mom hid the red cups on us :(
I got two Twitter apps running...one for zipping one for tweeting
These bitches on fb fiend for attention annoying !!
Ok... So ma kid sis believes that dat guy wif the Ben10 custom is the real Ben10...
Smh -_- I jus hate people .. really jus needs to get away .. FARRRRRR away ;
I can't stand when little kids just stare at me. -_- tf you looking at.
justinbieber your album Under the Mistletoe comes out in Brazil tomorrow!!!
justinbieber that moment, when you write a DM for you hero, and you cant send because he doesnt follow you :( follow me plz
Even though its not a cold thanksgiving, its a beautiful one!
I can't help but to thank god for waking me up every morning
«MzThroughItAll Niggas ain't real & to think she thought you were better than rest sad»
she get on my nerves, but its all
justinbieber wow I just saw the video for falala it is amazing. proud xx 24
you must follow your heart.
justinbieber Fa La La video is AMAZING! I can't stop watching it! Love UnderTheMisletoe! proud 2
Had fun tonight(: ... Maybe everything happens for a reason! Can't wait till 2 morrow(:
chiarabeghelli pennutacci mangioni!! Miss u. Salutatemi la neve
My contacts dry out too fast
be bold. say names. proud lol
cannn_i_live i told you to stop calling me lovebug
One hour until
I love you but I'm scared to tell you
Things That Need To Stop.. people taking wayyy too many pictures of themselves in the mirror
Working at a kennel has made me hate little dogs so much more
I LOVE my tweethearts because yall always make me smile no matter what :)
My grandfather sees I'm busy...but he keeps on bothering me!!!!
Ahh the comfort of my bed after a long day of school
I have a fat butt and it's
Well the end of today was good:) but the beginning is still on my mind...
How the Fuck could I Fuck myself over! I'm a
One Direction has a song for just about every one of my moods :)
So ready for you to leave.
bekahhhsueee never text me back.
I'm so comfortable right now.
I am more than ok with the Jayhawks playing again for the second night in a row...
i ate sooo much today, but i could still eat more
off to bed gnite
Criminal minds in 10 mins! [:
it's show week!! endless nights of rehearsal and tech but i can't wait for this weekend! :)
ParisJackson has a 2nd cousin named Bryce! That's my first born son's name too! Yay! LOVE  :D
Waiting for oomf to get here :D
Forgot to record FearFactor.....
Basketball game tonight! excited 31!!
i hate when teachers lose assignments you did. like honestly, its co-op, you don't have much to keep up with here.
No one gets me like you when you kiss me, you rock me harder than some downtown band
I love the confused look on the face of MillerLoLife when Gale goes off on one of his ramblings about Charles.
Listening to new and old cadygroves , love that girl. Her music is the reason I started writing my own :)
Love hangin out w/this wonderful lady
hates when you have plans with someone and then they ditch last minute...
Feel sick learning this Irish
As soon a bellend beiber came on TV my cat jumped to the front of the tv. Oh dear Mac has beiber fever!
There should be a law saying that if you have a handicap tag you're not allows to drive in the fast lane
breaking out my santa pjs for tomorrow
Working with a large corporation as a contract web designer =
Make me drive your ass around. Ha i ain't your bitch!
Its amazing how God bring certain people in Ur life, have strong connections, & treat them as if their really Ur family
What a week! ginayashere is SOLD OUT and we've just been told about some STUNNING shows for 2012...watch this space!
If you have a mac or laptop, don't sit next to me in a lecture. Your tapping is bloody irritating.
cleaning my room....some of the things i have found!
I'm maybe a week away from exchanging on my house. Oh just get on with it, I need to be in for Xmas!
Cooking for my 20 yo baby.
Definitely just made a comment at TEDxLincoln about how right Pat Leach is about reading. Any kind helps us expand our minds.
Can Someone Tell Me They Care ?
imani_Jae I haven't played since I crossed
momma got ah nigga out rackn leaves & shxt
Laptop Refuses to connect to the internet, Ugh!
Finding nemo is on!!!!
nathbhoy and now shawcross has lost his clean sheet points.
**looks the other way**
LiamShaw1986 hahahaha Ooooo see you Wednesday
cocoward1 I can't see it
I'm out of chocolate.  This is not good.
All I'm asking for is a little trust, is that asking too much?
Wow celtics are trying trade rondo?
Tanning on a frigid Monday
Byrdzie_ are you going now that everyone is friends againnnn??? 
This stuff if soo stupid!
Making myself a feast cause I'm starving
ill be working from 9pm-6am on black Friday
Going through that depressed retweeting phase again.
Cheerleading tryout's day 2 today!!!!
The moment the ticket inspector, sorry train manager, wakes you up 15 mins from destination.
fbihop LOVE. I miss making tamales with family at Christmas!
Its school report dayyyy :L
Happy bday to primu yOung_iza ! Bel je later man
Food actually good today at the cafe!! surprised!
I want my ankle back
Some people from my high school are planning to sneak into Highton's class and I can't join since I'm far away
Oprah I never did get the life class journal .....
I was so excited about them noodles, them lil daddies wasn't even on point
But anyways I am very thankful!!!!!
Working from home today ... Cracking out some ideas for a nuswlgbt event in the north!
Mah solitary Thanksgiving is gonna be SWEEEEEET!!!!
SaraJeanx stop, it was really funny, you had to be here...or have a sense of humor... jk
ChloeSnell did you win both games?
Really hope I can go home before work.
I'm sick of this bullshit
northtown = a ghetto ass scary mall ! Why does that havta be the closest mall !? annoying !
No greater love. God's only Son. Jesus.
Is there really suppose to be a shooting in our school tomorrow ?
Abwt 2 go get my report
Like why the fuck am I wide awake @ 2 am....
Sometimes I can't believe my fucking family...
Why do I let every little thing get to me
well this blows, sitting at home alone on a friday night
my niece will be born in just a couple days
Got the twitter bak!
Just checked the Lakers schedule and I see that the kid AlecBurks10 is comin to town to play on the 27th!
They just delivered my new table just in time!!!
AAAAHH, Tatlor Swift has a Christmas song on the radio!
sdbrowder nooooooo!!!!! You have got to be kiddin!!!!!!
going to watch breaking dawn today with girlf
I don't think anyone understands how much I fucking loveeee Christmas excited!!!!
Wedding dress shopping!!!
Alot of yelling in the Saites household right now. Lions need to get their act together.
After tonight I just can't wait to hit the gym
At the studio looking at all of my senior pictures!
justinbieber Yeeeah man, my hero made the BEST CHRISTMAS ALBUM ever. UnderTheMistletoe got so much swaaaag ! proud 30
JimGiruzzi_NY I'm addicted to pandora jus put my iphone in my ihome and I'm set!
swagin_biscuits I honestly don't you sound dumb.
there aren't many constants in life. Law and Order SVU constantly on repeat on cable is one of them.
Safe travels to those traveling this Thanksgiving weekend. Enjoy good food, family fun and happy shopping!
I still feel like I have my braces on lol but they are G O N E!
For some reason I can not get Cher songs out of my head
had no idea so many people from my school had twitter!
I love that people forget how to drive in the rain.
sometimes giving up sounds like the best option
Idk wat I would do without my pops
I honestly can't wait for December 19th !!!
Cold weather makes my knee feel even worse, Tonight should be interesting..
Damn you ASPCA, and all of your guilt trips.....
rebeccccaa_ Where were you today?!
Isn't it obvious if I don't answer after the 3rd time , I don't wanna skype , stop calling
killinEmkristie Pah, you're tellin me..
Pounding down friendlys ice cream while sitting in the bathtub
Thought i took a two hour nap, it was only 10 minutes.
Missing the Fife peeps soooo much! Love!
Those mornings when you just can't decide what you want to do with your hair
Buuuut I'm saving my $$$ for Monday :) :)
Gonna cry....no I'm gonna stay strong but I can't D:
thanks work for making me work every weekend :(
That amazing moment when you're at Princeton and having a rough day and make a James Brown reference and someone actually gets it.
Gets to start working again at good ole teals market (: Starting on the 21st
Dang just road pass playmakers...knew they werent goin 2 b n racine long...
waking up to reality
I know it's going to be a good day when I walk downstairs to my dad singing about his breakfast.
JayGlazer Ha! Stop it! You can't promote that as a good fight
Oh, sitting at the restaurant by myself for 2 1/2 hours. joy :(
That damn Christmas music.
engels af! nu ff tot 5 uur lesson 6 leren!
Had the best weekend. I havnt smiled like this in years :D
Just read the best FB msg ever.
looking forward to see JacksonRathbone next week in frankfurt
can I call a do over? I don't know what I did....
If everything goes good... Imma be a happy camper... Happiness...
I personally think social networking messes up relationships
Wanna get someone a GPS that never fails, needs no updates, and will lead you to the place you need to go? Its called Jesus Christ
Cannot wait for tonightt
Car shopping is the most frustrating thing ever. Annoyed -_-
the people at this salon are idiots ; now i got to wait to dye my hair
Damn, I miss mittmans. I sho would go get me a halfNhalf right now.
Why yes, I would love not working tonight! :)
LOL my girl thooo
College interview wasnt that bad,hopefully get in:D
lol it's the same fo us! and if we do, we have to run a sweet sixteen.... joy. Byrddd
Another day trapped in noClosingDay hell as the monkey's in florida type up all the paperwork. Contract expires Dec 3.
Call backs &&senior movie night tomorrow.! excited Spartans2012 :)
Man feeling great this morning...
People put some weird ass pics on twitter.
It's sad when everyone knows what's going on, but noones doing anything to fix it..
Finally at the movies seeing Breaking Dawn!!!!!
Good Night Twittos :)<3
It would be awesome if you put a little effort into this too...
Sorry everyone. I tried a new longer tweet service, that apparently doesn't use a link it just tweets a billion times in a row.
I tripped walking onto the court! And the dancers ackowledged my existence. But everyone saw!
justinbieber Only 2 dyas until All I Want For Christmas Is You!! And Fa La La and Mistletoe are amazing! Proud 5
im so not in a good mood
Ickenham even looks nice when it's cold and grey.
Well Damn Is Anyone Still Left In Tally?? lol I'll See At Dis Party Toniight !
Getting my christmas tree tomorrow!
Can't bliv am crying......
i just need somebody to
I hope sinitta gets eatten!annoying!
I'm ridiculously tired during the day but when it's time to go to bed I'm wide awake...
I just wanna sleep forever
OMG this time next week ill be rummaging through all my presents
3) why does every Gmail account I email show up in Google Talk as online? I don't want them to be added to my IM client.
Im tired of the sun its too bright
Shopping with my grandparents soon
Having a conversation with a group of ppl an this one dumb ass with the most annoying voice keep saying HowClever! Smh annoying !
Psychology presentation due Thursday.
Twitter is like therapy for me. I get more than I need here. I can express myself n get it all out n also learn n communicate.
My dog had to be put to sleep today.... :(
About to watch Breaking Dawn.. exciting :)
Really? How come I've become the family travel agent?! :/
Guys like you, is what makes me think most guys are the same.
TEdwards_bowtie accepted. That was me warning you of possible
Good night sweet people!
ochocinco hasn't even broke a sweat
I don't like not waking up in my bed.
Feel Like Tha Weight Of Tha World Is On My Shoulders, I Wana Cry And Let Everything Out.! Dis Sjyt Jux So Irritating
This damn ace bandage is going to be the death of me annoying fiveminutes.
Officially in my home state of TEXAS!!!
I MISS MY FAMILY ALREADY!!!
Less than a month and a half until I get my license
I hate when people nagg me for shit. You keep asking me 2948393959x I ain't gonna do it. Leave me tf alone and I'll get too you.
Always fall asleep at the wrong time
Wow!!! Amazing time with JoNique_HOOKS all the wisdom, encouragement, knowledge and love that was poured into me!
:| &' si se la puso...' (:
Weirdly obsessing over music lately.
Decking the halls with my mama :)
Hopin my bro is safe at ECU
2 days, still nothing packed
Everyone just needs too be happy. :)
i spend more time on here then i actualy do getting ready..
Dad just said he wants to be a belieber
Don't need a day to give thanks, I'm thankful to be here and have my family &close ones around everyday
I hate feeling like this
What did I do so terribly for you to not want to be apart of my life, dad?
I need these damn shoes friday!
Birthday in 2 days
Wish I had his number. :(
Looking up condos & helping my best friend get errthing put together 4 SpringBreak...cannot wait for SpringBreak2k12 !!!
Today will be absolutely wonderful. Guess why...cuz I woke up
I am pissed. Why am I so pissed?!
TawnyHinman no griz/cat part two then......
Bummed to no end. Worse than how Spongebob felt when he didn't get the promotion.
All i want for christmas is a puppy...
“TheAngrezJailer: Rabbi Shergil the only Punjabi singer who sings calmly. bliss” +1000
taylorbaranova I miss you and you hate me.
I hate when I respond right away to a text but the other takes what seems lime hours to respond...
justinbieber Fa La La video is AMAZING! I can't stop watching it! Love UnderTheMisletoe! proud 35
Demi Jones needs to go get A fucking life.
God, please help me to let this go.
yey! kasama ako sa fieldtrip!! sa Dec.2 going to GMA netwok,Enchanted Kingdom and many more!
I wish I could be at 90snight right now :(
Yay! the dustmen took all the stuff I put out.
headed to get wisdom teeth out.
This is a bad way to start my morning.
Annoyed that Google music is only available in the US.  Was looking forward to creating my music cloud!
This sunday dinner is gunna go down so well!!! Ahhhh can't wait, last sunday dinner in england =(
jacksonguthy do we have a release date yet?
Today has definetely been great, but tomorrow is going to be amazing!
_ReeFerMaDness hey ren, we gotta chill at bsals over break
I'm such an old lady now. Can't stay awake past 9 pm
CalvinGaines Your my brother I would at least expect you to follow me back! disappointed haha
i haven't seen sarajo5 in 5 days... unusual &
Tomorrow will be the first black Friday since.. Middle school? That I'm not shopping with my Mom
Stupid blind refs..wear some glasses that was clearly a hit from behind
Alright 11/11/11 I need to get all my classes I'm scheduling for and pass my math test. Can you do it? I sure as hell hope so
People that make fun of you for doing something & then do the EXACT same thing.
LilyLuWhoT *giggles* True - hate it when that happens!! Purrrr... :-)
Y my feet trying to run away from me...I love giving back... Happy Thanksgiving to alll my peeps
Ready for the big day
today is gonna be rough,  first thing I did this morning.... walk inti my fucking door
man cant wait for thanksgiving to be here
Getting Batman: Arkham Asylum tonight then Arkham city for christmas.
By far the most I've spent on my dad for Christmas
I slammed a Mawa boy rly hard lol Proud lol :-)
DMAssassins still hasn't explained my death
She cnt leave witout a nigga
I am officially the Spring vice-president (Fall President) of the Women of EEE!
Glad God blessed me wit him
Bout to leavee to Jayla house in a minute
Ok well now im off to hanks.... almost there!
Just waited an hour for my History TA to talk to her about my paper and she never came.
Stop talking to my friends.
Don't wear a band t-shirt if you don't know or like the band? Annoying!
what fuckery is this. first say one thing, now say another thing. bloody rubbish. stop ruining my life already. knn.
Some people need to mind their own business
mo3ath la la wo9al el email o 3a6ona activation
i really really really hate this school....
Can never change the fact that I'm an Asian.
teambuttsex awwww thanx :) . . .i didnt even kno i was listed Love <3
Had so much fun today. Good job to all the LV wrestlers, you guys did really good today.!(:
Everyone is done with finals and on their way out of ATX ):
4.5 hours to kick-off! excited!
getting some beats for christmas! woooo!
My daughters right arm is back in place
Why is the annoying chick allowed to make announcements about nursing sweatpants EVERY lecture?
This man just fanned on that shot worse then damian does when I give him one of those beauty passes...
wow how am i supposed to sleep after that movie
Man I hate when I get pissed off ughhhhhhhhhh
Five Iron Frenzy to release a new album!!! And possibly playing some shows?!? AMAZING!!!
Can't wait for the 25 to see felixcartal it's gonna be too sick I can't wait :D
Got a great line up of tele tonight
Petite satisfaction de développeur : coder pendant 45 min non stop sans compiler et se rendre compte que ça marche du premier coup
You fucking serious Canucks , losing to the two worst teams in the leauge..
Bestfriends are always there for you no matter what, we may get in arguments but in the end, you know that there always there for you
OMG I took a shower and left the house without lotion...I'm wearing flip flops and my feet look so slave-ish! :(
tripping up the stairs is so
thomsonfamily awwww, he is quite the gentleman, didn't even know he did that! love phowl
I just bought tickets to see Capsteps in Washington DC!
coming home to my cleaning lady
Oh my god, just fell down some stairs
Sk8boardSid ..GOOD LOOKS ON THE RETWEET!!!
mhm... that pisses me off
Thanks for making my bad mood worse ... Of alll people
watching deathly hallows part 2! not seen it yet, eek! HarryPotterFilm
You're so fucking whipped by her
Who wants to play eels and escalators with this handsome fella?
i only have a couple of days til my bday
I feel so bad for people who mess up the national anthem
Laying in bed in the dark with the sound of the rain
Shut the fuck up
Surfpb21 its a hard knock life for us
just sent all of my SAT and ACT scores to all of the colleges i'm applying to
officialjaden U ARE RealG !!!! I love u so much! My only inspiration!!
Yes I just ran out of gas 15 feet away from the gas station.
Siii, free hour in geography :D
Im alone in my room but I can still hear 'dont forget about me'
I'm really not a fan of going to the dentist
laughin2k you will never believe it but FrankieCocozza is in garlands tonight excited!!!
Your in high-school and u still haven't kissed a boy
Spongebob is back on.
stailuan CTRL + ALT + CANC per 3 volte... surprise :D
Driving on the freeway for the first time...with the mother... *in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit...AMEN!*
Intense pain but ima b ok could b worse
My day off has been amazing until about 10minutes ago :(:(
why must you copy everything I fucking do
Horse Show in the AM on Ty for the first time!!
i didn't crave peanut butter cookies today!
Wooo only 5 sleeps
As much as I love digging in the trash to find a baby's armband, I hope to never do that again..
thatawkmoment when your singing to your fav song in the shower and your mom comes in and turns the radio off...
I don't have Tim Tebow fever like everyone else...and yet I had a dream that he was in last night.
FUCK IT im goin to sleep S/O to who ever retweets later.
louuubirddd I was so looking forward to those.. such a let down
Its the not having a choice which makes u think which one ud of gone for..
Why can't I find this damn sweatshirt on Obey ?
I'll try once more but after that I can't say things will go as smooth as I first hoped...
SALUTES 2 theweekndxo  !!!! Nrt
Four letter words that made today perfect: my bike + AOAT and the best ride of the off season. Thanks guys!!! fb thankful iamspecialized
Damn. Should've gone to Megamall. iloveGEORGINA and solennheussaff might be there for the premiere of yesterdaytodaytomorrow.
UK_BlackBerry TeamTorch for me. Fantastic phone. I assume the problems I have are with the Orange signal or the sim card...
I can't sleep when I'm thinking too much
Thank God for bringing мε here safely
Snow :)))))) I want to go out and build a snowman. Oh wait nvm I'm at school no place to build one.
I get to pull out my cute sweaters and long sleeves and hats and scarves and mittens and boots
I can't smile. I get it FUCK!!! Leave me alone.
I haven't been here in a while, reading my feed. So much hate being thrown around
My cousins go back to Egypt
Its amazing how when I try to sleep at 3 am, I can't, and when I sleep at 11, I wake up at 1 am. Damn, that's totally amazing !
My pet duck Peeps passed away during the night from a dog attack, Quackers is now by himself,
The frustrating moment when you're back home happy, then you realise you have A LOT of homeworkto do
Wishing my man would talk to me....
when did fart become an acceptable every day word for children. just seen an advert on CNtoo for making farts :-/
rioferdy5, 5 champions leagues! You struggle to play 2 games in a row even that DONKEY johnny Evans gets in ahead of you
Worm in someones peas?
So many things i want!
Nice night seeing my boyyyyy
i just need a great big bear hug from my daddy :(
San Francisco isn't as bad as I thought it would be
Its been awhile since iv been in james and martha's place. Great memories
sp0man and today my soccer team can downgrade its biggest rival!
Couldn't imagine my life without justinbieber I know I could 3 years ago but he's changed the way I look at things in life now
Fucking home I'm soooo
At Milo cricket looking for realopeners. They all want to hit Dilscoops. Even my Spare Son.
YES! Much needed win for Glos! Great try by Jonny May :)
“scottycurry1987 I bet he was proper panicking about it as well embarrassed”
I'm a celebrity us on tonight!!!!!!! woohoo!!!!!!!!!! excited!
You know your ill when you can't face eating homebaked brownies
Mom gives me more reasons why I want to go away for College
Happy Thanksgiving! We'll be tweeting about the holiday all day. Thanks to all of our followers for some Twitter love - we're so Thankful!
Ingreth_bsb Vamos gravar um clipe? srsr Nós dois fazendo toda a performance do clipe do Maroon 5. E jogamos o áudio da versão Glee.
Aww, seeing all the lights and decorations its starting to feel like christmas!
exactly 2 more weeks to ucube concert!
charbrascia your tweets make me suicidal..
In today's world of technology, why aren't all traffic lights motion activated?
I just wanna be somebody..
It takes a lot of guts and maturity to tell someone how you feel about them. Hmm..
People don't understand how much one simple complement on my writing makes my day.
Why do women always excessively use their heaters in the car, there's no need for it to be 84 degrees in your car.
It's Sunday. Tomorrow is Monday. 
Buenos dias, Nose ni el como ni el porque pero me he levantado de muy buen humor
9xsitsme9 I don't think the tree will hold me
Big group of people just saw me dressed like a tramp.
MarcuscollinsUK Heard you will be on Loose Woman on Friday :) can't wait to see you on it :') xxx
I don't get why people follow you and then unfollow you
& im sure i`m wayyyy beyond my week limit . ughh
Come see me “iAm_Malaysia: Damn I haven't had none in so long Smh sad”
Wonder what today brings, I hope nothing but Happiness..
Who farts whilst brushing their teeth? well... _MrBowlerman can!
I hate when the person who always stays up late falls asleep before me.
My night is made
Guess my fun birthday weekend won't be happening till I go home to Colorado
althusiast of course, only an unwitting pawn of the machine would propagate the absurd myth that RonPaul is racist. Hahaha
The weather is actually so depressing!
No sleep equals no patience at work!
Welcome December! 6 days to go......see u soon best :)
why is my phone so shit erghh
He's the only person i would ever answer the phone for at 1a.m.
Was in need of some counseling, and had a G convo wit my bro RGLR_SHMOOVE at 7:45 this morn....
One of the few times I argue with my mom I tell her off second time this month ! Smh always happens during basketball season
Please follow gadiss_ayu . She's a humble and friendly person . She really love you and hope someday u'll follow her love justinbieber 5
Sehwag: They were all eager to play.I asked everybody can you take a break, they said no, so I had to take the break.
I've listened to Mumford & Sons alllll day long.
see you've jumped in my grave.
And people wonder why I am depressed. It's because the people around me drag me down instead of lift me up.
AmoMax baby ur friend is hard on mE
Ughh!! Why won't this spam thing go away?
Break has been going very successfully. Not one day has been bad
yeah 7.4 voor frans :$
With I was at the ville to see kidTURTLE23 kemclenn and mallllyyy sad :,(
Who is keen for therealsebleger at TrinityCapeTown tonight??
i cannot wait for Thanksgiving wknd.. dinner with my baby, his game
Hate when my mom doesn't answer her phone!
Anyone else hate it when someone asks to borrow your stuff when they are already using it? Fucking cheek.
HAPPY TURKEY, YAMS, GREENS, MACARONI & CHEESE, CHIT'LINS, DINNER ROLLS, FRIED CHICKEN, HAM, LOTS OF BLUNTS.....and whatever else.
Kinda pathetic when the ones propagating rumors are people you thought you trusted. Even worse when they pass it off as 'concern'.
I will never understand how athletes smell as bad as they do.
Picking up drunk moms annoying ...
AshliWilliams14 how do you get E and N mixed up? Ones tall ones...semi tall...lmfaao one has long hair the other doesnt... Uhhh
i can see how when yu ask someone a question &the go all the way around the world to respond &still dnt answer can be annoying -_-
Meeting with a potential new trainer today.
those moments when you want to say something but can't
I definitely been misspelling definitely for a long time.
“PitcherwithanN: Tiger den. 9pm. FREE everyone loves free stuff. music excited”
Gonna go home && record myself singing...cause I'm in a singing mood
Brb gonna go watch women cage-fighting
Dhis shyt happen ertyme we hav a real ass conversation tho...I guess the truth realli do
Why do all these random numbers keep calling me.......
So the Eagles make the playoffs if: They win out, the Giants lose to the Jets, AND the Giants beat the Cowboys
Some of these chicks kill me, you woulda fucked on the first date too but you had on mismatching bra and panties!
THEREALHARMON I walk in your house expecting you to run up and greet me, only to find that you're gone!!!!!
Ducky wucky show tooday
Wow It Is Crazy How Old Married Couples Die Together, I've Had Residents Die One Day After The Other and Some Exactly One Year After
This night couldn't have ended any better.
ffs man someone come round and spoon is :(
JeremyQuat dontcha hate that happened to me the other day. Ppl are so
joshmeatsix I'm going to be traveling to London from Vancouver and see one of ur shows weuuuu
i suck at parking
Dumbass people who come in my work telling me their life story.....I could care less!
About to go tf to bed
hahahahaha i laugh at my own jokes
I don't wanna drive..
French Vanilla Cappuccino wit cinnamon, chocolate and marshmallows...
Christmas is nearly here. I want to open my advent calender but I don't know where my mother has put them excited :) x
Ohh great its right about that time when  my ears are gonna start popping -____-
If it doesn't break your heart it isn't
20factsaboutme I can never sit still. My leg or foot is always moving.
Spurs won 3-0! Up to second in the league :D
don't steal my tweets. its not a form of flattery, it makes me
Math finals in 20 mins
patrickstar176 NATTING(In english: nothing). hahaha. let's hang out next week:> AHAHA im going home. excited jennlimx
Got an invite to AudreyMstoutt 21st in February!
65kg - havn't seen this number on the scales in about 4 years.
Hmmm... Not too sure what to think about this..  worried:/
I don't know where my little puppy learned to hump like that
Felix Pie signed with the Indians
Could break come any slower?
Dayyumm.. You been working out!
The ob parade almost always falls on my bday.. and I'm missing it for the first time: (
U can buy what u want but beg for what u need..
Can not believe the only team to ruin my bet was bayern Munich at home. Out of all the teams.
She's back to her old ways.
Change the mofuckin subject damn! Dnt you ever get tired of talkin bout sex fuck man!
Seeing Chicago tomorrow! America Fererra!
GreggMac71 agree! The French refs are clueless when it comes to scrums. Poite was star struck with Munster as well
Hate adverts just as batman begins is getting good
My uncle taking me to school  in his big ass work truck
I LOVE when people tell me that they liked something I wrote on my blog!
Alesana's new music video is coming out tomorrow! Holy shit!!!!
ACountryGrl very cool. Enjoy and be
“4estjohnson: I hate boring conversations over text.”
The moment when my Physics teacher and History teacher decide lets give our students a test on the same day.
Football and marching band season it OVER!!!!! That means no more practice me :D happy af
I love it when people speak French on a bbm group so you can't understand what their saying
I can not believe my boyfriend is in atl until next week. Ugh.
Just led a democracy chant over the megaphone for 1,000+ people.
Trying to watch the jets game online and now the site has decided that it needs to have a commercial every 30 seconds.
can I have some “KITTYPo_0L: Pancakes and Bacon,, with a side of Hip Hop! Love”
tired of the childish bullshit, im going treat you the way you treat me.
I've always remarked of the caliber & quality content in the Europa league,  Thursday nights on
I just want to kno why everywhere I turn a guy wants to be a rapper..
mom took away the laptop cause I was on it at 11... last time I checked I can stay up as late as i want as long as i get up
Only a few hours left...
i Like Driving down the Rd & Hearing Christmas songs On the Radio !:) It makes me
Shopping with nae-baby<3
dcat20 not you best friend
BecPobjie couldn't have said it better myself!
: I Could Sit Here And Tweet Everything I'm Thankful For But I Don't Have FOREVER. Y'all Enjoy.
Just got home from church
Your just one of those guys that everything you say makes me smile
WOW she goes in to kiss him and he doesn't pucker back...
Aclark74 TrishLakeman says the kid who didn't get his learners till july...
may be the most worste day in my life :S:S:S !! el dafn ba3d el ma3'reb da msh tabe3y !!!! :S DEPRESSED !
spotifyadverts = domestic violence every 15 minutes.
Chat time with Jesus at Caribou Coffee
wicked nervous about my family xmas this sunday. it stresses me out to no end.
One more to go then Aurora bound. Can't wait for Saturday.
NiallOfficial ; follow me & meganmaguire2 not cause we love, were obsessed , it'd mean the world ? nooo, because WE ARE IRISH! proud !
The girl jus screamed TAXI and he drove pass her..
omg let's like talk about our boyfriends all study hall yayyyyy -___-
Well that was certainly unbelievable
Feeding Ms damiah <3
After hearing what happened to will last year I  checked under my bed to make sure no one was there...haha
L O V E = Let Our Violence End.
Wow my dad would buy a motorcycle...those of you who know Donald..picture that and tell me you don't burst out laughing.
Boyy my roommate friend just told me he like it wen I'm gn....
Helenana_ don't really wanna bump into him.
KwamzOfficial so sad I couldn't come, but bet you smashed it! Gained a few more fans I bet!? Keep doing what you're doing! love !<3
Yessss I got to wrestle :) lol greaat day and won my match! Well one of them at least
I witnessed M_Zimm_ get 2,000,000 on temple run and I can't get to 1,000,000
docrbc what???? Woot Woot.
Finally mastered the chopsticks. Finished a whole plate of noodles without a fork
Hope all my followers had a great time... love you all
In a great mood after an inspiring convo before bed last night :) happysunday ScottHaze
And just like that it feels like im losing my whole life..
cookin & cleaning!!! money made im gud!!!
Night night y'all
E_dules I Want to take mine out too but I can't myself cause mines a hoop! you gotta use pliers or go back to the piercing place
Another fun Thursday night with my Mother NY fam
My co-workers do though... Apparantly they heard me singing over the vaccum & like it. Embarrassed. Lol
I can text my ex the most RANDOM and WEIRD and OUT THE BOX questions, but they WILL answer them. love <3
Someone come sing me to sleep,
Rallo_331 im straight, its this nigga who bout to be
Bestfriend coming over to watch a movie tomorrow. Havent seen him in a minute
God has truly BLESSED me! And right when I think it can't any better, he hits me with another blessing
I never ask 4 more dan i deserve
RainPryor You're Hilarious! Much
cbmoneyy no more like you never text me........sad :(
OVER 2 BILLION HITS ;')
I hate when people don't text back
Learned new dancework, got my double on rifle, and think I actully did good on the ACT...
Hate it when people ring me on unknown and dont leave a message.
Honestly boys. Please grow up and learn to care about a girls feelings..
I just really can't believe you lied to me....
Do you really have to tweet about everything
Magolinaj I miss you and Noah by the way.
tomorrows gunna be a rough day.
wishes people were more appreciative
Cannot believe Simon Caldwell didnt play at spice cellar last night
I was excited to watch the NBA, but David Stern just blocked my enthusiasm.
whoever doesn't like pickles can go kill themselves now
PINEAPPLES.!..like literally  pineapples im eating them to quench my thirst rite now
3 more days till ur birthday! ><
Mon nouveau jouet attend au point relais colis et je ne peux pas aller le récupérer!!!! Rrrrrrr
The reason I dnt go to doctors their
I wish you all well health and
Professor green's album is awful
they couldnt make it more obvious that they were miming
Ikke ga weer weg aangezien mn zus boos word...
first time using tanning lotion...
DamonsFate s'en va pile quand j'arrive :(
And our elf-in-denial is dead, taken out by a will o' the wisp...
I remember when Gordmans used to have cool and affordable purses!
Omg Im going to throw my phone across the room
NP Flo rida - Good feeling (Us version)
I hate 95.
mum comes home from london with newpandoracharm and macmakeup thanks mum <3 you should go away more often
I hate how much I love the Lions.
Birthday in a weeeeek . <3
I HATE when people use hashtags on facebook.
just want things to be good again
Wow truth really does hurt.. sad..
when a girl says 'nothing im fine' then why try and get something out of her!
Ahh.. nothing wakes you up and gets you ready to go like immersing yourself in the power of surround sound. :-)
I miss my brother and sisters.
Had a BLAST at gold reef city, off to Monte Casino soon....
When he says I love you I can't stop smiling
RdamAirlines ik wacht op de new video
brenny5 hm maybe Calgary i definitely want to hear Flume!
I've had a chronic sore throat for like 4 days
So I don't feel good & I have no one to talk to or to lay w/ me so looks like I'm going to sleep
I didn't even realize that it's over
Drena_89 °_° or a STD...both
1NayOhMe got my save the date!!!
Hope my spanish speaking exam goes ok
Just had the honor of caroling around the hospital with some amazing ladies. Loving my church family!!
Oregon won the PAC 12 championship today. Vontaze Burfict is on Mill.
wow...i actually think im gonna miss this place over break..
If I don't get to go BlackFriday shopping I'll be beyond pissed
Yo sh-t is that fishy where you need Vagina Spray....DISGUSTING.
So close to 1 million
I need one of my idols to follow me >.<
Belligerently drunk people at midnight breakfast
ummm thanks math teacher for giving me homework when all I wanna do is chill for the break. annoying.
studio session today with SayOhMyGuyver... going to finally start recording IgnorantElegance ! Cesar_McFly sambamski Rnasir357
Georgieejls ispeakhilarious FF Connex_Official new channel launching soon, bringing you raw Uk talent...make sure you support
shit just got real at walmart, hoes leavin w/ missing teeth.
That over achieved kid in class that yells out the answer before anyone has time to work it out needs to be punched in the mouth.
that awkward moment when it’s quiet and your stomach decides to make that dying whale sound .
he makes the hair of the back of my neck stand up.. just one touch.. my sexy
No runners today.. Off to pick up a new horse now then a very busy day on the sofa watching the racing
The nights that you just want a girl to be cuddled up with you
New Years is right around the corner, this year flew byyy
Its been like 2 weeks since i bit my nails.
so many things going through my head
I gotta stop screwin things up when i finally have someone amazing
ermm my neetbook wont let me log on?
Doing this homework before we go to the park.
I hate my boyfriend
Thank God for his mercy... Just when u thought u had it bad , u hear of someone in conditions u can't imagine..
They don't even serve alcohol at this hookah lounge  
justinbieber UnderTheMistletoe  Is gold disc in Spain... Fa la la, is a success *-* Proud 8
Packed for a sleepover in less than 2 minutes. Advantage when you are going to be with your best friends! excited.
statsmagann AJDragon16 I received no text about any chants :( okay, exciting :D
When people bs their lives, I do have something to say because I care. Guess I won't speak my opinion anymore...
pepernoten en rooibos thee met honing(:  
Bro why can't my grandparents stay at my aunts?
I hate tweeting the things that I meant to text
Dear Non-Christians: Plz don't think actual Christians enjoy the yearly tsunami of 'holiday' nonsense any more than you do.
IFSproblems wow u made a twitter acc for this? lmao.
That moment when you realize that you're  sick and that you don't have anyone to take care of you.
Just walked in the door and was greeted by the smell if the Christmas tree. Love that.
fat girls shouldn't play volleyball cause they have to wear tiny ass spandex...
SSN missed you baby
I'm trying to give up cussing but ppl lik her make me wanna cuss out of anger..
raman_alpha First time filing that I am working in an organization where you need to work hard and in advance
I hate when people text me first and don't keep the conversation going.
Not going to lie, I'm in such a good place right now.
Whoohoo! Am almost done! :D
A little Taylor swift to get the day started
i hate when i get a message and its not who i wanted it to be from ugh
Cosy with the girls
get to sleep an extra 3 hours tomorrow! yay excited:)
SavannahB Hope you have a wonderful time with family, safe travels! I'm doing the same today!
Weekend in a faraway place..
DrShaw that one hurt hahaha sad :(
One month, WDKY video, surprise, and a tweet from Jillandkate Bestdaysofarthismonth! :) YAY!
BeautiiLoCz lol u started it. u should've seen my face when u tweeted what u tweeted. it was like (0_0).oO(No she didn't) LoL
No more football in Carter-Finley till next fall,
I want my phone back soooooo bad ! I miss tweeting !
That moment wen ur driving and u wave someone to go and they wave u to go so YOU go and then they start goin
I found my birthday dress
MFers in Lincoln, Ne are not smart enough for another fuckin round about.
I don't understand why people make things more complicated than they should !
i need to stop having expectations of people
invitation wedding again...
Tree up, shopping all done, Christmas dinner sorted. Time for a good drink
Beyonce 1+1>>>> Cant get this song out of my head
This class is stupid and I'm getting frustrated.... I think I'm just going to walk out!!
I'm full
And I won't be Far behind her
Dear fisher&paykel the beep should sound when the clothes are released not finished
The moment when you really like someone but you don't know how to tell them in case they don't feel the same.
talk to my hand :D
jaideepb We are heading towards getting this Govt.'s jokepal i mean lokpal bill (if the house continues the way it happened today)
sphearn ive already started crying.....its like
I guess I found out what your true colors are
so sick of this Writing shit I need to focus on studying for  the classes that actually matter for my majo
Ohmygosh, stop talking over me people!!
When you're eating Cheerios and mistake your button for a Cheerio
My horoscope told me to do fuck all today. Just 'Relax at home, read, watch TV, and cook if I must do something.'
I really need to get over it.
Best family.. Best friends.. Best boyfriend
Colton won first place over all(:
13 hours of sleep
i didnt really tk err'thing buh av bn feeling really high alday lolzzzz happy;)
I just don't like dealing with people
scottstar I realised. Just hadn't mentioned it before. It was a brand new tweet idea.
roxyburger today ill be sporting. Movember, pink armbands, and black shirt...proud!
Feeling like a lil kid trying to open my sigma brushes ! :D
I am in NO MOOD for bible today.
tomorrow starts the month that I will be wearing an ugly sweater from goodwill every day. :)
My dad never took down the Christmas lights from last year Haha
My childhood was Hip Hop and R&B and for that I'm
Eriica_Ellison omg awh yay. excited ;D
Gtta start planning my birthday party now EXCITED!
Ready for Christmas!!!!
Time to get ready for my Day of Ladytimes with loveverydaylife and sarah_rosemary
LMFAOOO!! Good bye! “TheRealGattis: DJ_BMONEY LMFAO. I conquered Fort Lauderdale high as a white man. *moment of silence* proud”
I thank God for the air I breath, and for him giving me his amazing love, and for having the most beautiful family and friends
Just been invited for dinner with mummy and daddy gubb
emkshu Got in around 1. No problems. Looking forward to this long weekend.
Somehow being run off of the road at 4:30am by a semi still hasn't remotely dampened my mood and outlook for the day
feellin like i need a maan. oh well. :)
The science test was haard.</3 that's the subject i studied and spent my time on pa naman 
accomplished a lot today (:
Me and my moms are planning my university visit to Vanderbilt. letsgo happiness.
Keep eating shit on the box. So icy today.
I wish. Rex was our quarterback
Got to see my.bae tonight
Been home alone ,since i got dropped off after school ;c
LET IT SNOW LET IT SNOW LET I- looksoutside..... well for CRYING OUT-LOUD
Really wish this bs question would stop asking me to refer to the case study!!
I stopped her from failing in love cause she would be committing suicide
when your family likes or comments on everything you do on facebook
I've had my retainers in for less than 5 minutes and I'm already in pain.
Got the new nickelback album!
Nobody to talk to.
almost just tripped because i was tweeting and not paying attention..
hahaha! me and my kakak both support different team. hahaha! exciting!
CANT WAIT TIL JAN. BYE BYE CHICAGO HELLOO LEX.!
Nba is coming back on christmas day.
I hope I passed my quiz!!
BOOO!!! Cant watch the Liverpool match ;(
Ice skating Saturday night with some of the best people from youth :)
You can poke me but not text me when you wake up? Who the fuck pokes anymore?
Someone bought my s13....which i was supposed to buy tomorrow............WHATTHEFUCKK! /:
Reason 972 I hate Facebook: this giant pimple that constantly shows up on my newsfeed.
Going on my 8th hour of being at this bowling alley
Omg my four year anniversary is in less than a week!
e_duchi Wat I miss about you: 1.Your beautiful smile 2.Your inability to make decisions 3.Laughing at me when I make an ass of myself
Wine Wednesday!!! 1/2 off bottles & glasses. Get hereeeeeeeee
If u knw u wanna be with that person, than its worth working on. -KourtneyKardash
Harry_Styles hey I found u guys in 3 American magazines today :) proud :)
This mr jefferson cd isn't even working.
If the holidays start to stress you out. Listen to the michaelbuble Christmas album. It will get rid of your Scrooge!
Did I have fun tonight? Yes, yes I did. Did I think about you the whole night? Yes, yes I did. frustrated.
A_Whole_New_Bri HustleHardKayy You dont understand how sad a moment this is for me right now..
And who made an a in engineering AND calculus?? I did excited!
Well there's no turning back now. On my way
Thinking about it I'm glad I never have to take the sats again
brandonnelson2 why the hell don't I get the message you got new trash can!?!?!
People are so annoying, if your gonna give me attitude dont text me.
Took 20 minutes to get outta the junior lot now stuck behind a bus that stops every 2 seconds
OH NIP. There's two new chapters!
I'm so happy and blessed beyond words of my life!
Nobodyy Texting Me Todayy. SAD LOL
Sneakerpedia so do i. Unfortunately by the looks of my timeline ppl wanna just argue & say mines better than yours…
People like you just annoy me
This cracked nail been bothering me all day it just peeled off
Been stuck behind the same woman at parents evening twice now
droid1 y u so slow? You were gewd when I 1st got you. droiddoes not work.
Three hours til teen mom teen
Just got to Emcknight13's! Watching NatNat play MW3.
everything is moving too quickly in my life..
I swear too many ppl I know gettn too much time n jail
Admiring each other from afar even when we haven't met one on one before......
flawfree christmas album
` after being upset all day . i just got off the phone w/ my bestfriend & he cheered me up lol & we wasnt even talkin bout my problems
Off To Santa Barbara:))
cant stop sneezing, don't think ill ever stop
Guess it's just one of those days...
Im a HUGE Tank fan but he coulda kept this mixtape...
backtowork monday :) feels gd so long as ure doing what you
jdu si dát cigáro, zasloužím si ho! :D zítra čekám od všech lidí děkovačku! :D
carrielynnu so glad you came to your senses
I freaking hate you  , stfu
Man My Brother Will Be Home & 7 Days
Coffee, toast, and eggs! Good start to the day!
It is almost 2 in the morning on a Monday night.. Turn off your music and go to bed!!!!
Ready for this service
Makeulookgood did jawsie tell you the story?!
Taylor swift music is overrated. People in my class singing along to it
I was looking through my old phone and found a message that i had saved from someone.. It was my favorite message i had ever gotten.
singing in the kitchen
Ice skating then coffee with my bros! T2Kendama KirkBaines8 ltfreeskier
I'm trying to stay up to get SwaggaBoyLOS mixtape but when it comes out ill be in school
Eating an apple, wanting french fries :/ lmao
Just a bunch of thugs at Cincy and Xavier.
I can't complain about anything ,tbh. I'm truly blessed & there is nothing else I could ask for happy :)
It's so refreshing to realize that there are those friends that will always be true.
I have a closet full of clothes and still can't find anything to wear
He will be coaching. They got him signed, they will find every excuse to keep him. But u really gotta take a timeout there?!
In less than 20 seconds I saw a dude wearing a Crosby jersey and a guy in a Canucks hoodie. Good day still good.
lol even showed my baby
Welcome FunkyVilleUSA we'd love to film there!
Going to fail my geometry test that we're about to take! Excited :)
Being a vegetarian gets complicated when I have to think out my meals
Even though today was beyond shitty... Having a great night with my great friends.
okay, work time! today- bye bye blond hair, HELLO BRUNETTE! and short :D
Silers01 miss your permenent smile.
Watching frozen planet hd with the wife cuddled up on the sofa.
Damn my sons a damn crybabyyyy.
Usher, Jamie Foxx & TQ is not what you listen to on a monday morning depressing !!! :-/
I wish people would stop trying to tell me how to live my life!
At Bass Hall to see Shrek the musical.
Kar3Foward yuck!!!! a smiley with a nose...
I would rather be a colts fan than and eagles fan right now...
These underclassman be acting straight stupid -___-
Skit here soon(: <3
I just spelled embarrassed wrong.
My enegy just comes and goes
I was craving York peppermint patties & my bae went to the store & got me some
Got to hurry oh why oh why?
Holy shit, Philadelphia.  You look good.  Love #<3
I think that's all she wrote for Tech football this year
it hurts my heart when people abort their babies just bc of their gender...
There's a hole in my pocket that's about her size.
Only Cheyla is tweeting atm , I guess. LONELY.
amazing night with rob! happy:)
Thank god I didn't go 2 juliet lastnite crazy shootout in the club smh
Waiting in the oral surgeon office :o
UKBigBang d'awww noo :( I cried earlier thinking of alexander_0729 haha. sad -.-;;
Remember the past, plan for the future, but live for today, because yesterday is gone and tomorrow may never come.
About to delete some annoying ass nigguhs of my Facebook.
Got dragged into f21, I honestly want to cry cause I havent been in here in ages and I want to buy everything BUT IM POOR WAHHH
“Mo2_the I'm ready to see some of my followers during break! excited”
I wonder if she knows everyone hates her bc shes just so annoying hahahaha
watching the last song with bpandoff & texting k_sterling. sounds like a perf night to me.
Textmate 2 Alpha has been publicly released exciting.
Um ... Nicole just called Chris the Wrong name ...
So happy that you, a forty-six-year-old man, has nothing better to do than sit around playing animal crossing on the wii....
Enough_said_808 you never made a trip down here
I wanna work out and get in shape but I can't do nothing so I gotta lay around and get fatter!!!!
TJKlause s'okay we accept u. :) :) :) love$
Ok no!What is this!? How can they expect the girls 2 walk 2whatever you call this disaster of a boy band.
pcal and sammi got raunchy yesterday and whipped up a storm in the mud
In 2 weeks today ill be on my the airport all packed and ready to go to egypt
JWirg19 no invite for the con man
My sweater for tomorrow isnt even ugly
Might get a German Shepard for Christmas.
Ready for finals to be done! Ready for a month break!!! Excited!
I got to see vivis_dudee today! happy :))
KVandelicht change of plans! I can go tonight
You seriously need to stop tweeting about the same person over and over and over again.
I cannot wait util my debit card comes in because I have money in the bank but I cannot reach it until Monday
This is why I don't like facebook.
Every time I come back to Cedar Rapids I'm reminded of the stark difference between Des Moines drivers and CR drivers
Inset Day tomorrow meaning Issue 3 will hopefully be sent off by tomorrow night!
Lewis Lights & Pericos with mvp_eyton Sunday??
Hurry up winter break!
JacksonRathbone is on soon :) he looks so adorable. Love that smile
My niece's 2nd birthday party is over. It was fun to be a big kid again. McDonald's always make me feel like a kid.
Beauty & The Beast is on!
End of story c.p is over...
really wish I could sleep
When we have nothing left, we discover that God is enough. Jesus really is the only person who will never hurt you or leave you.
Has some Great Friends :)
GOD is good all the time and all the time GOD is good..
Good match Manchester City focus on the premiere league w inshallah next year you'll have better luck
MomentsICanNeverForget when maddie bernier moved, & i realized how muhc i was gonna miss her. :( i started crying thinking about it :(
60's themed new years eve party, can't wait.
- Good day everyone! God bless us always! -
You cannot change the circumstances, the seasons, or the wind, but you can change yourself. ~ Jim Rohn
I hate when my chicken mini doesn't have a nugget. Like, where did it go?
Made a whole roast dinner tonight.
dont know what to do with myself all i know is i needa start being happy!
I want a guy That makes me feel special
Rduckytrainer home in 3 days! Not soon enough! Close friends pup passed away so more than always want to see my pup & kitty. :)
REST IN PEACE NEGUS MCCLEAN! 8 Months Today :'( I cant believe how fast time has gone by, Miss you so much, i'll never forget you!
The course is certifacte 3 in both hairdressing and beauty , then a diploma of beauty therapy
In other news: I didn't have ANY cookies at the last party and painted my nails on my way there.
Welcome to the family new  Ice watch!
it's a saturday and i'm home and i'm listening to blitzen trapper and my cat is next to me sleeping and i just had my moms cooking.
Lishstick Got you some knickers today just running them in if that ok ;D
Last minute assignment tidy up tomorrow! And by tidy up I mean rush to get everything done.
easy day in itec then a nice smoke and chill up jodies now home for spag boll and the soaps
I am SO ready for Saturday night
OMG! So KieronWebb is cutting my hair, and I realise he's wearing MY watch!! He's only gone and copied me!! embarrassing !
Awww,,, He Just Tex Me ! <3 Happy ( :
It feels like I wasted my time and energy today
What is with ypur random ass texts that are always bashing jimmy?
Peppermint Mocha & lifechats with akosins
How did I live without an iPhone for 19 years?
Still waiting for David to get back. My anxiety is starting to get the best of me.
Have to spend a whole day sat in a hospital waiting room tomorrow.
Today is a good day =]
Sorry.. I just love you... I have no anger just love & care <3
New shoes new shoes new shoes
Yes. I get tacobell :)
Congrats! Clayton Kershaw of the LA Dodgers! Winner of the 2011 NL CY Young! He was 1st in Wins, ERA, Strikeouts! Best NL pitcher :)
Just taught one of my dogs to 'high five'
Hyunnie_ MDRRRR j'ai explosé de rire ! J'ai ENFIN trouvé la vidéo où on te voit !
Love faces in my ear
Thank you Lord for another Day
Had glorious afternoon with MARIADAHVANA. Bought velvet opera coat. May write story about haunted vintage clothing.
Damn I'm tucking up I need to b in Cali
MadisonTimora I would, but then I'd fail. :( Jesus isn't as important as anatomy to most people.
Guests at my door! Pee in a cup in front of you and give you a blood sample? Love to!
Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day.
Christmas station on Pandora
When OhSooKatlee won't talk to me
going to see my babys onedirection on friday
So worried I won't get into GR!
Loves breaking gym equipment in front of hot foreigners
There's no one here for me.  I'm all alone in this.
mejoguapo is it really necessary that someone needs to have a car before having a 4S?
Way to go gfugate10 . You did a he'll of a job
babybehrens MitraKhalilian  im soooo hurt right now.
Watching Kourtney and Kim take New York.. Kim Kardashian is literally the dumbest out of all of the sisters..
I just did something so dumb :P
Hiding in my scarf 'cause I'm so cold! Sat doing homework before dancing.
LastToKnow77 agreed :) done math homework and philosophy assignment wooop! happy x
“KhloeKardashian: Seeing is deceiving. Dreaming is believing. Its ok not to be ok. -Jessie J” wow!  Khlo is listening to UK music! proud X
Why is it so hard to opt-out of a banking-protection service?!
im calling my doctor tomorrow and im going to fix this stupid insomnia!
just watched paranormal activity,
Mr I can't talk on the phone without walking across the entire office floor is back from leave! Dude,pls go work in a park.
I have a christmas dream to, don't see itvjeremykyle making mine come true -.-
Cockernaden Obviously,people that fail to wash their hands after going.
7 Days Til Xmas! Eeeeeek
WiFi isn't working on my Blackberry but GPRS is? But GPRS doesn't work when I have WiFi.... Grrrrrr
Facebook now alerts you of anniversaries with your significant other, as if I didn't know this was coming up
Lately I've been feeling that 2012 is going to be my year. That great things are to come. Hopefully my intuition's right.
Things will always work out like they're supposed to, no matter what you go through in the process of getting there (:
Some random guy on facebook just asked me if i have a girlfriend or not...
I love when nothing goes right...
You may tire of me, as our December sun is setting. Cause I'm not who I used to be.
Dumb ass got her dog on her lap blocking her view..wats he spose to be your gps
Omg again with the le cordon bleu commercial!
  miss you my brother.. can't stop waiting oyu come home...   happy :D (y)
People ask me what happened to me. Life happened. Disappointed.
He really ignoring me lol..that's
Leave your comments and question to yourself if you know your going to piss me off
why it always gotta be some sexually ? damn ! you a freak .
Chunk Norris is the new spokes person for W.O.W.... Wtf happened to walker the Texas ranger?
Wow, Braun. That explains a lot.
After today, 4 More days Til FL
......just happy i'm not an orphan...
Watching how I met your mother again
literately nothing has been able to make this pain go away. i really hope this helps
A million and 1 questions....Aaliyah sample so crucial.
I'm becoming a very organized person, too bad it's making me OCD about everything.
Done for the weekend.
ACT in the morning...
OMG nevermind fear factor is on 
got my refund back from aa.
BDiddyNoVA Crunchy hausfraus, tons of elderly people, too many people with shopping carts in a too small store, and awful parking
I used to think that I smiled to much.. Now I know that you could never smile enough!
Everyone texts me when I'm busy & nobody texts me while I'm bored.
I might not live the right way every day but I do know how blessed I am and how much God loves me
sending a massive text and getting and an one word answer back
Mr. G letting us out early >   5 min class =
Why do I feel like its not going to  go back to the way it was!?!
Seriously...where's the aderral at?
The runaways is one of my favorite movies.
So much to do and I am running out of time! panicking!
I just wish that ONE good thing would happen sometime soon  
Make up your mind
OMG!   Big Bang have won so many prices on the SBS MTV! 'Mood maker Idol' ; 'Most intellectual idol' & 'Idol u want @ x-mas party'
love’s beat / your heart / to mine
“airlanggadanang: sabrinaorial your songs saved my life” -- I can't imagine how? Omg...
I can't even find my spare ones. Whyyyyyyy?!
Snapbacks can make pretty much anyone attractive.
NICKIMINAJ im totally buyin a tent just for this ocasion, so i can camp out & get this album!! i cant wait
Ya, I'm driving to Greenbay andddd??? still beats what YOUR doing this weekend ,Thanks
I must work with animals.... Ppl shit all over the toilet seat and shit man. Fucking
Holy Santa Clause shit! It's almost Christmas! :)
stimp77  I dont have anyone to play with on mw3 tonight
Feels like I am the only person left in Stillwater. Physical therapy tomorrow morning.
I guess I missed the memo that we were playing 1000 questions?
Yay i found my phone! it was in my room! :D
I wanna go home and play MW3 ;( well its still gd but not gd as most ppl
kentucky is just having a dunk and block fest on st. johns lol
don't wanna break your heart, wanna give your heart a break
Today has been such a good day.
This is why I hate the blood clarte hairdressers only 2 ppl working n 4 ppl waiting!!!
duncanbaddesley ha yes it will cost me nothing cos I wont be there. It's bad for my health!
entire science powerpoint gone
Ive done nothing at all today and considering sitting home tonight.
3 days till my 20th birthday
January is going to be an amazing month!
I have no friends..
No church this morning but I will still rejoice && praise Him in my home He has blessed me with.
Small Christmas gifts 2 deliver 2 nursing home residents 2morrow along w/the Presentation of the Gospel Gift of Jesus.
Umm my friend just told me SHE's doing no shave November?!
lol these grade 8's have bigger booobs then me
Wow. Professor just completely forgot this kids name. There are 12 kids in the class. And the semester is almost over.
I think Sandi1213 can read my mind
Lolling in Manchester Midland Hotel bed with my best friend idly reading We need to talk about Kevin, drinking wine and chewing gum bliss.
cooling nice day i guess
MunsOnion I'm not cute :(
CaoimheHarkin omg i know! jealy of your life right now :( showed penny she's like OMG! arrghh he's so gorgeous cevs! tehe yayy! excited!!
Bruins game is goin pretty well
Exams nxt week and then back to full time work
 her 4sayin' I'm not a klutz!  . Knee feels better thanks 2a brace frm my Mom always there when I stumble! She's so amazing!
mind your own buisness... k thanks.
SaraHisbeloved :) you too!! totally a keeper in my world!
Just thinking about you annoys me.
Wow, I actually haven't drank any caffeine today at all, for the first time in........years.
Scriv_MoaM son why duke get dicked down like that last night smh lol I'm
Never mind. Its still gonna b awesome fun. I have had a morning hanging out with my guinea pigs and my puppy.
I hate it when you're eating a wrap and everything falls out of the bottom
I feel liken did good on my math test! We will find out!(:
When the audio doesn't match the current scene...
shelbyowen21 is such a party pooper, she fell asleep 20 minutes into the movie.
why does this always happen to me
Drunk thoughts in a sober mind
Man, Whitney could sing on the preachers'wife.Too bad she got hooked on crack.Glad she got rehabilitated, but it may never be the same.
It needs to be the 26th already! wolvesbasketball timberwolves excited EasyStreet_14
Damn Its Jus Thursday
I'm can't wait for tomorrow :)
JanaSaidWhat and AyeCobb yall are absolutely right , but it aint tht easy to let go ! i Just Cant Let Go !
Everything is falling to shit for me lately. It must almost be my birthday. Shit like this always happens on or near my birthday.
Tonight I shall mainly be seeing both my sisters bezelaine @ sarahdn21. Then going to see breaking dawn part 1
Can't wait to get my own place 
Beauty and the Beast was amazing! Love my school's drama program. proud = ]
So far my dreams have been mostly shattered, my soul and heart have been crushed, what should I look forward to?!
I knew it! The first time she goes in the boardroom lord sugar will definitely get rid of her
Thank You To Every1 That Is Showing Love & Support For VoiceOfHouse ...
Getting a 100 on multiple choice section of test - but with bonus.
Watching Mulan on computer !
Nos fuimos a ezeizaaa, para New York!
buzzing for next saturday :)
DJMelodyKane true true highly irritating
Some ppl make me wonder. They will have sex with anybody
House to myself for the whole weekend! It's gonna involve loads of tv, movies, food and drink.
Piercing number 4, come at me bro.
I Though It Was Goin 2 But I Guess I Though Wrong Lol When Am I Every Goin 2
Hearing those words meltsss me ...... :D
Waaaay beyond tired right now & offf to work
Fuck im breaking out!
Yay! its2020 trended again :')
And yes i still believe in love
Thank you God for all of the CDT Small Group Leaders!
my room smells like feet and sharpie.
I Remember When Yu Feeld My Heart Wit
rxdonovan no NBA blows gunna be no season
A day full of bluegrass, tea, and cold weather.
Zuchetti_ auhsduahsduhausda é nóis! s2
so my daddy didnt qet my phone...
Sweet home alabama makes me so jealous, why couldnt I have grown up in the south
waitn for mii bae to get here from charlotte before ii smoke
congratulations for ur performance justinbieber i will never get tired of saying it I LOVE YOU!
Omg .. and how could I forget the wonderful JenniferJenee_ ?!?!?! thankful <333
Omg. This. Kid. STFU.
I am open to meeting new people because I believe the one just for me is out there, somewhere
I have yet to unpack my bags, smhh!
Yesterday, I walked by NYPD in the subway, wondered if they worked for us, or were Bloomberg's private army. Could not trust them.  sad.
Wrapped up my christmas presents excited :D
Feather_Horse But... I didn't get Jim's in me!
x ray in the morning at dad's office :/
Found a roommate for next year.
He's tryna come over & he might meet my parents Nervous.
Last week of school
Tomorrow hopefully will be good! We're going to cook with my awesome Spanish teacher and PE class got canceled!! :)
antanddec shame u don't get to see the quality Christmas ads that we're subjected to in breaks.shit annoying Xx
Why am I not in Pittsburgh tonight?!
Stood in middle of Wigan light switch on
Ready to be done with work so I can hang out with her :)
Hopefully tomorrw ill knw if its a yes or no praying that its a Yess...
So i have to clean my room before my cousin comes tomorrow :)
You think being a drug head is so cool.. But you don't even know what you're really getting yourself in to.. Sooo
NEW VOICE ON FINAL SCORE
Rock your body . Justin Timberlake
my bestfriend is gone for a week  
Meanwhile this thing name LOVE is a psychotic emotion,,, yet I still love,
Just booked to go to Lapland for New Years Eve!!! AHHHH
Why didn't James sing? :(.
Jhndrix ok no te enojes :D
This city is amazing, and beautiful, and breathtaking. But I miss my small town more than anything right about now!
Reunited with Christina!!!!!<3 :D
Just thought broken glass was a prize for me
One day closer to the finish line!
Was a pretty good day could of been better
I thought cyber Monday was supposed to hve sme deals...smh disappointed.
Im so tired XP oh well, 2 hour band bus ride tonight ;)
Just woke up to our christmas tree being put up. It's gonna be a good day.
Lost my lunch to a math test
and I dont feel the least bit tired
Gotta Be You is the second single from their debut album
watching the polar express with my son.
madisonlhunter I love you so much best friend! And am so blessed to have you in my life!
Woke up with some good news
Making food, and pouring another glass of wine.
Babysiting then breaking dawn tonight!
TimBrown_75 get it tim!
Another tough one relaxing n back to the grind at 330
When you ask like 4 questions in a text and the person only answers one. Annoying..
These girls really be playing with these niggas heads
He makes me happy no matter what.
Its nights like these that i want someone to cuddle with.
Listen I don't know about you lot BUT my followers are actually the BEST ya'na....
I love Christmas Music.
Ok! I've decided! New hair color tom!
Got an awesome goodmorning from my puppy
being ignored is great
Aaaaargh!!!!!! Jesus Reece Young!  Send that shit upstairs!  Phil Hughes should be back in the hutch for a duck!
This is why I don't take meds.... Wide awake. Not to mention, a 130 am casual call from my mom.
Wtf is up with all these media tech people following me on Twitter?
Missing my lil lady right about now She is the real deal
At past v present debate. Live tweeting may follow with pictures.
SHUT UP! The Ranch being played BrdgstoneArena ?
Relaxing on the sofa with my lovely man now. So happy I have him to look after me and cheer me up.
No NBA on a Friday Night
People need to take their own advice.
Dive into yourself & get to know the you thats within you.. Refresh my mind God
Watching the Macy's Day Parade with the family! Great way to start off Thanksgiving. (:
Going to a christmas party! Wohoo <3
gets to see my long lost sister/ best friend is just a few hours!  excited!!
MyGoalFor2012 finish painting my living room... I started months ago and never finished
justinbieber feel like im tweeting you too much, but then again...
bernimck McGurkSandra not much tweeting going on from you two!!
Two huge finals today eek
Through Glass - Stone Sour <3
Christmas shopping tommarrow (:! W/ CHConsty and PaigeMarieee14 and maybe iTz_Dishes (:!!!
too many deaths in joco bc of car wrecks, this is crazy. i cant even remember the last senior class that got to graduate with everyone,
Everyone sees that youre moving on, you did the day after no need to broadcast it to me whenever you can.
Wow this substitute teacher is weird.
I feel like shit and I really just want to cuddle up until I feel better but I have no one to cuddle so fahhk
one day you'll realize
CarlyLaginess I'm right there with ya
Cancelled lecture, so I can go home early.
My heart will always be his
I can't stand nasty mother fers ugh
i have so much to be thankful for this year. family, the few true friends i have, my boyfriend, my god-daughter, my job, etc.
My favorite thing about Mates of State is that I know every word to every song but I have no idea if they're the right words.
Atlantic City then Daytona in the beginning of the new year?
i mean dang, it could've been real worse
Freaky__Scorpio everything good can't wait to get home...
kourtatwood  give me the computer. I'm getting impatient.
I'm gonna get a treat.. I wonder what it'll be =)
3 more days til my best friend comes home for break! it sucks tht my crush is grounded now.
just getting things ready cleaning up everyting got a lot done for today, back at it tomorrow 30days to go. times flying
Leona Lewis has totally ruined that song. The Johnny Cash version is infinity times better.
Bby thought her day was gne be fun til dem needles hit dem fat thighs
Regretting everything, so tired of us.
MissAmyChilds where is your red dress from when your speaking at the end of your show??
Seriously, December 10th and still no sign of christmas in my house.  What is Bev playing at.
Well I've managed to lose my license and debit card all in one weekend. Can I please catch a break?!
My father gave me 80,000 dollars to buy me a car !!!!!! so
No mommy duties+basketball+food+liquor=my christmas day!
I'm thankful for all my family and friends, all that have stuck through everything with me... You know who you are!
How is it that at 5pm I am literally falling asleep at work but Ive been tossing and turning in bed for about 30 minutes?
Going to see twilight breaking dawn part one later on tonight. First viewing!
.man it just hit me again.
fifi_mac colleague broke leg last night so were man down on production day, + everything went wrong that could. I'm in on my own tomoz
I hate going this life alone. Need to find a good girlfriend. The bad part is the girl is dating someone eles.
30 second remaining anything could happen
GardenVibe: One need not move the tree to let the sun light shine through.
Can I please not burn the fucking toast at least once this week.
Tomorrow = starting the journey home.
Headed down the 416, listening to Christmas songs
Ahh I'd rape you.
I MEANT TEARS ugh
Pocket full of money but nothing to do
I get off at 5 now!!!
The best thing I ever did to myself, was leaving you
Putting up our Christmas Tree with Beatrizzz89
I don't understand why my teachers can't just post my grades? It's been a month!
i swear to god if i hear one more thing about this basketball bullshit im gonna kick some ass.
OMG I'm bout to freaking scream
This is the first year that i didn't peak at my presents
Legs Open Very Easy
To LOVE is to recognize yourself in ANOTHER.  TheQuoteToday FRIENDSHlP __Dr_magnetic__ LoveQuotes _LoveQuotes__
Nothing slows down traffic like a cop.  annoyed getofftheroad -.-
Starting the school week out on a wednesday?
BK1043 only hoping. GreatWeisHype btw when we talked coaching hires for KU, Weis would have never been one I would have guessed
I wish I had more friends on Twitter so that I can enjoy tweeting more!!
so this is why I don't take the bus usually...
I just had the worst nap ever........good thing I woke up before anything bad happened
Everyone has ups and downs but wow stop being so angry. Its annoying to just read it. Twitter isn't a therapist.
mutha fuckaz calling us at my job talking about killin theirselves about their mortgage
Im A WellingtonPark Vetrean, So Wen Yhu See Me Salute Me
had a great day today :)
to lazy to downstairs for food
wtf? you have a new girl everyday and shit...
At work but gotta date tonight
ThingsThatPissMeOff when girls think they aren't good enough for me
Decrow15 ur annoying me with this selfconciousness
Jesus, I'm so emotional these days.. Just cried at an advert.
Everyone is making fun of Quito and I because I don't want him to leave, and he doesn't wanna leave either.
Wanna piss me off...don't respond to my text. I wouldn't waste my time texting you if I knew I wouldn't respond.
Who would murder someone in fort revovery? sad:(
I would really like to know what the hell is going on
Mornin twitter babes (: I feel very blessed to see another day and I pray that my babe and Brian have a safe trip home (:
Waiting in Line at Target cause fuck it why not?
Three games in a row. Really Clemson?
Drinking in the premium club at the garden about to watch the redwings ruin the bruins streak?
Never ending bullshit with this man
Lovely_JALEN yes ma'am after we help with prep for Couture_LeveL grand opening
She looks like she's about to cry. Get the eff over it, I'm the one not getting it, I'm the one that could be doing homework.
When the first time, that you opened your eyes, did you realize that you would be my savior?
NiallOfficial Harry_Styles  Real_Liam_Payne  hi guys when do you guys come to belgium?
What's the big deal with the WSU/OSU basketball game tomorrow? It's just a basketball game.
kwamzofficial I think you should follow me now, asked so many times and still no follow!:o depressing x
Babysittng Luke, then off to work with destinyshae9 and bethnoel10. should be a fun filled day :)
Just had to say bye to Amanda_Dowdy
I'm an impatient person when it comes to me wanting sum.
Damn y'all niggas are annoying
God thanks for this beautiful day... Keepin my friends and family safe last night was definitely al the blessing i needed...!
i am happy to be awake & witness this beautiful day that the Lord has made.
beeesareelle I see you've been tweeting ;)
Can't believe I missed the snow rage!
Sitting next to my computer with twitter open but I'm using my phone cause I don't know how to type fast
justinbieber I wish so bad that you could know just how much you mean to me... To all your beliebers SAD ...--
I am ready for No Shave November to be over.
aint a women alive that can take my momma place!!!!! much
is officially obsessed with the Magic Piano app.
I srssly hate when people txt when im on the phone with them, annoying!!
I wish, i coulda been in your arms last night.. i hate wakin up to an empty house.
sexyswagmaster hey christian, how are u ?? :) reply please
maryjblige Thanks For Your Awesome New LP
43 days before Christmas.
BOOYA! just rapped all off NICKIMINAJ superbass
My kids been gone since Wednesday and every night I have been home in the bed by MYSELF
Sears for the second time in weeks u can't give out a delivery time when u say u will.
Time for coffee. Sleeping in, reading *yawn*stretch*no work, no shopping.....
Its disgusting that you get mad when you have to take part of self hygiene..
It's gonna be the coldest day yet tomorrow & I have to run the Jingle Bell Run.
I could've sworn we're speaking English so ytf u not listening to wat I am saying?!
I love Christmas. Not because of presents or anything. But because it's just such a happy, wonderful holiday  
then come back to school a week in a half then home for 3 weeks.
He just so cute.
Girl behind me in class is filing her nails? annoying...
Done with this semester!
Just a week till Christmassssss!
Time to move on, for real this time. happy :)
mrlazy5 yh man im gettin excited :-)
Sister just snot attacked me :'(
Haha so i cancel all my plans to spend tha nite in lbk so i can see u.. and ur busy.. Goes to show how much i matter..
Found a good replacement.
I DONT SEE SNOW?!?
You were the reason I once smiled, now you're the reason I cry.
I do it because I'm hopeing you will notice.. love fallinmore&more
Sucks when your opinion doesn't influence anyone you care about. Just remember I tried to stop you
its ashame when you dnt like yo own fam
7 trends in Los Angeles are related to
Nothing feels bettr than being yourself,following yur own mind, i feel Free & happy!
Itchy stage of the tattoo
42 Days Untill Christmas! 12 more days untill the first Girls Basketball Game! 20 more days untill the first Boys Basketball Game.
I'm thankful for followers...and for the people I follow. You are kind, entertaining, sincere and inspiring. Have a great week!
Attempting to play black jack with brothers. May I remind you of the word ATTEMPTING
The worst kind of pain isn't when you fall in love...its when your loved one doesn't catch you.
Loving this snow. Can't wait to snowboard ahhhh
Not knowing the good radio stations in other states is sooooo
Im actually in a Good mood for once !
Horlicks, jimjams and ready for criminal minds
Chilling in art for the lockdown TinsleyWest acmize96 knows how we do
Can you believe this shiit? He showed up at my house---despite the snow--- asking for me too be his. At 11 at night! Haha!!!
farizakhalid woah? Ade add ons! Thank you thank you.
HeraldSunArts we've known for a while over at the arts centre, and keeping it quiet has been super hard. excitement!
Call me wat u want ,but im gone stand by my shawty threw this whole thing ... Love !
Man mad I had 2 leave skool early but I gotta take care of my tooth. Gotta take care of this pain
All yea thanking the man upstairs for another day
I'm watch Steve Wilkos, and this girl is having sex with her dad!
I hate how rare an actual conversation can be.
I appreciate the love I've been getting today. People are really making it known that they support the Kyrel brand.
Sprint is really slow here at the airport.
Am I reeeally not old enough to go see this show with PorterRobinson and whoszed :(
FUCK frqs. I hate history
Omg just seen a full out fight between the alphas and ques smh
GM World...Thank you God For Another Chance to make it right
Paul Blart's ringtone.
Work can wait,its my freaking day off for heaven's sake....stop calling me
This kid just doesn't get the hint.
Man I love to love, especially when it's not perfect....
My son, Trent, had an incredible hitting lesson with CarlinsCorner.  Amazed at how God puts people in our lives.
“CEOKhacki Blessed to see another God given day Thankful”
Dawg he just pissed me off
No you're annoying
My Grandpa picked me up from school :)))
Storm just left. Laughed so much. happy :)
i go home in two days!!!!
AshCab1992 you know we will be
can't wait till December 16:)
WTF!!! Bettings being placed on juniorbachchan and Aishwarya's baby birthdate...Don't they have cricket around them or what?
I can have pizza at any time of the time day any day of the week
What a let down mother nature
im in love with the country strong soundtrack
Headache is def getting the best of me...bed time..insanity starts tomorrow
I don't really know who Drake is..but I'm very tired of hearing about him. irritated.
Vanessabinwa It's like everything in the world has fallen into a state of perfection.
thenicoleray snores like a wildebeest
Four hours left!! EntrprnrSociety
It really pisses me off when my parents use my phone to call someone then when I get a text they look at it.
Can you believe theres only [37] days to Christmas OhMyGawd im excited!!
zparolek25 yes I realize this
Seriously hate when people click their pens.
I fucking hate being subtweeted. Dont be scared, lol .
very first competition of the year!
smh.......all the blossoms on my orchid plant fell off!!! depressed..... :( :( :(
hopefully tomorrows a better day but for now...
Well thank god I didn't go to River of Lights! I can't even feel comfortable in my own house or my events that I help pay for!
Estou ouvindo agora Just in love  '-'
I have failed at converting a document sad :/
Just took a bike ride through a beautiful neighborhood in Atlanta, GA with my little bro drummerboy_11.
Was really looking forward to watching desperate housewives but freaking Willie Wonka is on!!
simonech Especially for me as a frontend developer :)
Morning bubbies; Im in a joyful place at the mo...you know when you have that good feeling in your gut that isnt Cornflakes? Happiness ^_^
Shit happens dept.: The love of my life called tonight, and I wasn&39;t home...
KylieMeazell Im ready to make some cake balls with you and bay this week!
Saw soldiers at the mall today. finallyhome!
CBS Will you ever learn how long it takes to play a football game?  Why must your Sunday evening programming ALWAYS be delayed?
Can't see you , it doesn't mean is a breakup. She/he would love you if they don't see you for awhile.
That just really blew me. Finna change sum things. I notice things more den u think...
going downstairs to spend time with the family before brunch!! :)
I hate when people make stupid facebook events
When your phone decides not to charge <<<<
I hate having to repeat things .
Rehearsal for Dixon Place then off to the Basis of Decision film set! Final scene of the movie day 1...let's make magic!
laurawhitesings You're just amazing Laura do you know that?! I'm proud to call myself one of your bees! proud :') x
No more school til Friday!!
Some things i just can't forgive you for...
Zombie movie family pizza dinner night with my parents!!
Erika_JazC ayyyye. i get my phone tomorrow. <3
i dont understand you and i dont think i ever will.
FaizBrosss Hahaha just wait patiently. My blog is full with emo posts and stupid pictures of mine. Vaining like an asshole ~
-When did beefn qet old? Cuh ah bitch couldn't dare cum to me wrong!! Lmao without being
thommytrash have fun on the march! Wish i was there!
My phone always finds a way to die !
Nerfs to Sona, Flash AND Clairvoyance. That's EVERYTHING I USE. WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
Guess I better get ready for my 4-H Interview later today.......nervous.
Too many breaks
I no like every word of every episode of drakeandjosh cuz I'm not sad lol.
LifeLinesMusic thanks brudda! Appreciate dat
S/0 2my Fab NF iamSaadCheema
A FEW GOOD MEN is on tv... giant raging lady-boner hard-on here! (is that crude?).
I trace my fingers in patterns along your skin and if ever there was a moment to be able to freeze time God, this would be it   
half truth tellin niggas sorry was I supposed to stay while you were cheatin, You left me the day you went behind my back & lied to me
you aren't always right
I can't go starbucks because I spilled my drink on their newspapers yesterday...
Lord_Sugar i think you should stop commentating on your programme as people wont have seen it and yet we know what happens!
Being surrounded by kids at church
Such a great thanksgiving with the fam and this morning I wake to the news that I'll get to watch the nba this year
Land_On_Me Ik and it is still a promise i havent seen you yet, and your not taking me :(
Im glad I'm not perfect. I accept and love me for who I am. Flaws and all  
Ripdosia3746 on the series finale where everyone just found out who the ice truck killer is.
Can't wait till tomorrow :)
unlimited leisure time= playing with web design, the adobe cs4 master collection, and my tablet.
Yay I lost 6 pounds
My stepdad annoys the hell outta me.
Hey everyone!! I hope your day is going well. At the sprint store abt to get my iphone 4s!! excited teamiphone!!!
Ready for this MAVERICKSS game to comee onnnn, anxious ^_^
holy shit, christmas is six days away
I'm thankful for everyone who has read one of my articles. Yes, all three of you have really made me a happy guy this year.
But before I leave, i have a little JeudiConfessions to make...Last night i cried for about 2hours straight! Yep i'm not always happy :D
Why do girls with muffin tops feel its okay to wear low cut jeans and a tight shirt?
just muted about 10 people
Lovessss feeling like this. happy:)
Each day, each hour & minute, even each second, u r deciding b/w the crucifixion & the resurrection. B/w the ego & God's love for you.
My best friend hasn't answered my text messages for the past 2 days...
asullivan85 was a close 2nd so u get DesignerWhey and we're sending u a fitbook too!  b
1d4eva oh yh! made some of them up wid u!
FollowShePretty u'll prolly beat on me lol , cuz on friday last week my final bowlin score waz 15!!!!!!!!! SAD lmao
Let it snow! I've been waiting all my life for this! Actually just December but still!
Can't explain the amazing feeling it felt to give back to ppl in the community tonight for fellow West Virginians! So
Yeah im onto you. Maybe next time when you cheat you shouldnt make it so obvious
Consecutive commercials t(-.-t)
katt_mcbride HAPPY BIRTHDAY xxx hope you have a great day love x
Only seven days and seven hours
OMG ISABELLAHICK FAVORITE ONE OF MY TWEETS?!
I just wanted 2 say, my heart goes out to the Duggar family. I don't care if its their 20th, or 1st, losing a child is losing a child.
Can't wait for tomorrow going to the panto with mummy :D
Remembering  those walks in the park n those beautiful sunsets! his first words n his psycho stares! Lol
Charlie brown christmas is on!
Really depressed to be missing hanukkah this year :'( .. Why does it have to fall on diff days every year !!!
Taking a quick cooking and baking break to head to the Church House to give GOD praise and thanks >>>> Every day I'm Thankful!!! <3
I am kinda stressing over finals!! One week
Bored as hell waiting for her to call me for the night
Ouch I've a headache!! Too much friday
VirginAmerica crappy experience w my seat being switched to middle, flight delay notice & then back on time.
maddimosler oh back in the day... this is so weird. this is my 20th christmas. and I've known you for 15 of them.
ok i wanna findout who the asshole is who unfollowed me ..
I've never flown on a plane before. Excited :)
One big load of work to do tomorrow then christmas break begins
I love the holidays, such a great time of year.
YOU DONT LOVE ME YOU DONT EVEN KNOw ME
Bleasy9 Quick! 5-10,000 IUs VitaminD daily will head off any sniffles. Don't worry, we make that much ourselves daily in summer.
Enjoyed catching up w/the Richardson duo rrichardson86 for lunch today. A joy to have lasting friendships from college
STOP TXTN ME ASKING THE SAME QUESTIONS OMG *throws phone*
the video ALL WANT FOR CHRISTMAS IS YOU is great! I love the song! Congratulations justinbieber and MariahCarey I finally saw
Picked up a USED tampon at work tonight.
dont bother texting me if you arent going to hold a conversation.
I swear, my sister can't even do the simplest things for me.
Thanksgiving isn’t just to be celebrated on the fourth Thursday of every November.It’s supposed to be a lifestyle.via JoyceMeyer
I was expecting food to be ready here... It's not.
Time to decorate my Christmas tree! :D
Just bought tickets to see Jeff Dunham in February.
done with college
If Little Mix go home and Janet doesn't I swear ... gonna cry if they go like seriouslyyyyy
Dont pretend to be something in front of certain people and then in front of a different crowd act like your perfect .. Annoying !
I meet with the surgeon tomorrow to schedule my surgery...
calculus is easy jus tedious as all hell
God's Grace And Mercy
Go into subway and forget my wallet
Test drove car? Check!
Cool im wide awake at 6:20 in the morning
Mañana sera un BUEEEEN dia
Don't forget to watch Raising Hope with greysonchance at 9:30!(:
I will always love you
justinbieber  that's right. Never say never. U came from singing in front of the avon theatre to singing for obama.
My key just broke off in my car door!!
You make me smile  
if there's nothing missing in my life, then why do these tears come at night?
Jacket Madness Tonight!
About to board for Cape Town
I need to make that move to Wendy's. That Bacon Cheeseburger, ranch & fries. Would be love.
fondue dinner and early christmas with AustinTwedt tomorrow :)
Givin it another shot,
Hanging  with Chris, Ashlyn, and Seth!!!
Conclusions for today; my legs are at an awkward length and i love wycombe wanderers.
Me mob is opgelade (:
Printers stopped working in the Union, 15 people in line, guy goes what is this finals week
ikhlaqelahi a dog is for life not just for Christmas. If you can't be bothered to walk it, then don't get one! Grrrr
That just made my day. :D
MissChastitie I miss you too.. and yes, it will.
Y doesn't eBay show u how much the item went for in the end?
I would like to thanks the asshole that spilt beer all over me...
Woke up this morning with Adele's Someone Like You playing in my head. I'm really going to have to make a point of buying her alburm.
Art thou my heart now howling
Stop singing you suck.
Def spending time with B fam.... RIP B.... I'm here for them in your absence!!! Love you
tummy has been acting up since morning
8 hours until my amazing massage.
JohnOtano knows how to make my day.
jordanprowant I get to see you 3 times a week now :)
That awkward moment when your parents want to have those weird conversations
Can't wait to see the tree ! *
» Pete Burns looks like an inflatable doll gone wrong, if that's even possible!! the guy is so strange!
MikeSpencer21 just for you michael
only 1 month ago NICKIMINAJ was at 6millionbarbz.. nw we at 7mil baby!..
Sometimes I wonder why I'm still in this
douche bags these days, i swear..  annoying.
Thankful for this day. Thankful for another chance. Thankful for love, peace, and joy.
There are certain things that you just don't do to a mother, and making fun of her kid is one of them.
Wendy William's>>>This Bitch is So
Opening day seems so far away
Tô tão desatualizada. Lamentável. Logo eu.
I hate being at my dads house with a passion. I get blamed for everything. I wish you could be the way you used to be :(
Family Hustle Night Tip TinyMajorMama
harey_ en latin. (Mais j'ai fini avec 18/20 pour ma dernière note de latin, au Bac, j'appelle ca l'ascension scolaire Proud)
I NEEED SOME LOVE/....NEW TO TWITTER..SO NEED SOME FRENZz!! love love n
BeliEVEorDie I read your DM's i will reply to all the question's soon. Love bubba :)
Eatin some more cookies & cream ice cream!
FlashDeliirrium hey I'm not getting you anything
The Rivers continuous Christmas makes me in the best mood!
Oh alarm system, why must you FUCK ME OVER? Got it working - after spending an extra 25mins in work at end of 10 hour day.
I hate when girls come to the y just to walk around and look.cute.
one final tmrw then im FREEEEEEEE
audley_Harrison can't box can't dance
Finally, haleyblakelee has a twitter.
I have a headache and I'm just sitting here waiting to put in my pescription...why is this taking so long?
Frank_A26 and don't forget the back squats!
I cantwaitforthanksgiving . you know why? cuz it will be my first thanksgiving ever in my life that im not going to be with alan! :)
HeffronDrive actually if you wanna get real technical ELEVATE comes out in 15 hrs & 2 mins.. excited :))
If I don't get an A on this project, someone will die.
wheniwas13 i was a million times weirder then i am now
Passed my nursing final!
Hmmmmm counting dem days
I don't know if I want you and love the thought of you...
Saw Michael Kors leather knee high boots on sale and didnt give in, yay me. :)
I guess you were right robforget was betta than to be forgotten
lacejvoeg UnoRojo03 ashy_stem cwmartin12 carri_voegel thirsty Thursday ended way to soon, you guys
Facebook photo uploading - the biggest mission ever :'(.. Yet when I do something I need to finish it !!
Imagine The Feeling Of Being A Millionaire, Being Able To Just Live Life Without A Care About Money
What is going on with all these spam messages today?  Does the admin know about it?
Stop Tweeting eachother and having an hour long conversation There's a thing called text idk if you heard of it
Ugh that just through off my whole morning
Laura_Nofer grrr I was standing out in the rain for like 10 minutes
i know i haven't reached your mind and heart yet, but i'm willing to wait as long as i have to until your doors open for me.
Ok ima get me a drink wen I get off
Good way to look at it.. faithful2u2g 1annieGM GeorgeMichael Undoubtedly George and Symphonica experience will stay with you always.
Tomorrow is my last day.
Dear 3OH!3... What happened?
thank God for another day!
i think i partied a little too hard last night. not necessarily a bad thing though.
I'm smelling all this tasty food and yet my menu never changes
PamPragash and I also sent you info for our Honeymoon
Happy 2nd Anniversary One Time !!!! justinbieber Proud StillKidrauhl :*
i love when people dont answer their phone
Yo my white homeboys listen to more real hip hop shit den some of my nlggas
when you cant retweet peoples tweets..
OMG apparently it's gonna snow soon where I am!!! excited :D
The radio mixes in the am on the stations be
I haven't known you long but you always make me laugh.
justinbieber I'm so proud of you! from the boy singing in YouTube to the boy who inspired many people. any helped many people. PROUD 1
Test driving cars makes me
sandraiitoh how bout that bracelet....
Ugh my family can be so irritating sometimes.
Man I dont like people to call me out the blue and especially people I dont LIKE!!!
8 film box set of HarryPotter just been delivered
LaurenGoodger  omg! stunning dress! Cant wait 2 c the rest!
Beyonce Live at Roseland Premiere at 5pm EXCLUSIVELY on Vevo. I Cant Wait!!!!!
When ppl cry it makes me want to cry
Tripped and fell while carrying a christmas tree.
Retail, grocery retail, during Thanksgiving week. It is a pleasure to help so many people have a delicious holiday!
it's beginning to look a lot like christmas ! LOL JK there's no snow
Getting blown out by worst team in
greysonchance your following grow up but my followers aren't. depressing *21
Your dying to be something that ur not
doing bantu knots in my hair for the first time !
This is jst plain ridiculous I have been waitin 4 more than 3 hours nd there's no service gonna leave without testing irritated#
i just want to see my fucking best friend; cassnavarroo
FRIDAY<3
Ever since I updated my phone, it's been soo slow.. Wth
Strekk i låret, no jogging
So the official countdown has begun....VACATION is exactly 6 more days
Electing the new exec board for 2012 tonight!
Being sick sucks! I just threw up at a girl's house that I really like
Traffic! I'm home!
I feel like I was just in elementary school the other day...these next few years are gonna fly
Frogs should have been in the sugar bowl.
Chillin wit my woman
I had a moment today.
Ya Allah bless the Woman that raised me.
Got my Ulta order in today. Lots of makeup, need faces to apply it to.
HSchmuck megangolding has laughed at me so much today I can't even handle it
The heart wants what it wants
All it takes is ONE ignorant person to mess up my whole fucking night.
Today, I wore the scent of failure.
Why can't i play tournaments on FIFA UT?
kayse_machan it was an accident. Haha. It was next to my current one. Oops.
just casually warming up my legs with my hair dryer
This is actually really sad.
onedirection rant you proud that australia is the 1st ever country to get UpAllNight 1 ,in 4 minutes too! :D
Tired Of Being Single. But Can't Find Anybody Worth My Time. One Day Ima Make Someone Happy. Til Then Ill Jus Keep Myself Happy.
Why don't this damn thing work?!?
I'm that girl who makes everything I say into a song.
Spending my morning studying for history
wohhh. The wiki page for Premadasa stadium is still the one I edited with ma own pics
jeeeeeeeeeeeeuk xlauriieee is er weer
when you want someone you cant have
Ellabellaa noooo only wen I'm on a drinking wavee pissed or
Watching the video game awards with my little brother
BayleeRobinson1 already got yours ready! And something else too :))
Up early about to get my day started! Thank you Lord for allowing me to see another day!
Thank you God for awaking me to see another day!
wie pingt me even ben lonely
Ok time to start my day. Got a few errands to run. I know everything will go smoothly.
Every Year i always forget how old she's turning cause her birthday takes forever to come
Im so ready for christmas!!!! excited!
I'd rather take shots of patron then take 2 tbsps of cough syrup
It amazes me even tho we may have issues sometimes. Dc folks be sticking together when it matters the most
Every time I watch a romance, I am reminded why I dont like them.
Can't believe its all over
Not San Angelo water
selenagomez I Lové you So So So Mutch. Please please Follow me. Best fan in Paris. <3
OMG in Servierville there's a store called Beehive and they sell Tom's shoes ^_^ I got my first pair of slipons
Omg why can't people be real...
leaving for the table read in about half an hour.
ABakes19 just so you know math wont be the same without you sitting next to me:(
Tired but can't sleep
This plane needs to board asap
no homeworkk makes me
I love it when I get hooked on a particular song and cant get it out of my head...
Spasm in my back.. Please fuck off
This is the earliest I've gotten out of bed since I've been home
connor_ganley zach_erb for the first time in 5 years...but then lost again when it mattered
I wanna go see twilight breaking dawn tomorrow
I reallllly do love you. Shit is crazy
hayescraze31 The first time I met him I was shaking.. The second time I cried.. During the coffeehouse experience.. embarrassing haha
Referee should be ashamed!!
When you have an amazing best friend like Jon_moneyc your days are always great
Me and oomf didnt get to arguin.
Venus square Jupiter: is generosity getting the better of you? Loving large is inspiring, but can you sustain your plans?
Aww I missed my 1,000 tweet :[
Ewwwww reptiles are fowl.
new skis, boots, and bindings.
People complain to much
my bb is gone but soon get it back :(
driving in 5 months
Shopping during the holiday season
Aw yeahhhh thisisjustinbieber is on in ONE HOUR :)
Mmmh..... Door number 1 opened. Countdown to Christmas begins!
I'm always laughing at myself....
PaigeKinsella well guess i gotta find somebody new to stalk
does every kiss really begin with Kay?
These dogs next door has been barking for 45 minutes straight!
ThePlourde omg ignore my brother he thinks he's cool
What is it this time ..
and he said he gets off at 9 and not 10 like i thought (:
Everybody is tlkn about bad breakups and shit tonight
Why do people say 'ill ping you'.. ? Its bbm :s
Happy thanksgiving! I hope everyone has a great day!
Holy crap. POWERPUFF GIRLS IS ON!
Great attempt to go ahead at the end there but during the game some questionable performances.
FOOTBALL FINALLY HAS A PURPOSE !!!! The footballer socks are PERFECT for this frosty weather... (^_^)
Stop actin like you like bitches wen you have a fuckin nigga ..
The worst December EVER... Banyak tugas +
KellyShill22 sounds good to me
Ahh just put up Christmas lights in my room.
I dislike country music so much its annoying and my iPod died -___-
BEST bday presents from the BEST of friends!
ollyofficial you might have a no1 single as well as a no1 album olly;) proud !!!
With dancing like that i don't think i'll be showing my face in Vauxhall or any clubs there for a while.
Hates when people subtweet, just mention me.
Durn 11:11 is nearly over and unless within 3 mins I get my wish the mine didn't come true
1st off... CONGRATULATIONS to my friend OneSunEnt & ShealeighDaily! This is huge and it couldn't have happened to better people
Gift Time  I'm wrapping present for ALL of my friends.  EXCITING!
Watching a scary movie by myself
She always puts a smile on my face <3
Christmas is near. Weee. :)
While today's episode of GenesisAvalon is pretty wicked and everyone should listen, I'm still dying for 27.
We are thankful for an administration that supports its athletic programs and its student-athletes.
Listening to vinyl with dad
Why can't I find a way to be happy about anything
RealDedicated thats cool, i been round here for years lonely lls
Yess the Xmas tree is up! Now we just need to put up decorations (:
I got both Country Dance games from my grandparents :)) Happy :)
I swear if clint plays another rucka rucka ali song I'm going to kill him.
ryannreds MsMelodyMills NaoneCarter MsAlden DahllyLlama22 BKalexis VerifiedDexter JenaeStClair I'll be in la. You won't.
One more night! Then home Tomorrow excited!!!
sarahhawkeye is coming to Bristol today!!!
Getting ready to go get inked up Excitement :)
I just want to go over my moms place  on Saturday.
Layin here with mi week old nephew
KellySchnoor I don't think you understand Twitter yet.
Today was a good day but you gotta work to make tomorrow even better.
1omf got a fake relationship for twitter
surprises are so exciting :)
Boys like you remind me that i'm
watching the cuse game from my bed :) weird not having the dome outside my  window ..
buckeyes dont play till saturday
you got a big head, small ears, a chipped tooth but i still love you anyway
i just cant live widout u
So. I come home all upset, and my parents take me shopping.
Can't wait till daddy get the cable on next week;))
Can't believe this is my last thanksgiving before college
Just in the queue for
Gongchan only has ONE line in wonderful tonight
Dear world BritneyStoney is amazing. If you dont know, you betta ask somebody!
less than 2 weeks til I move to Milwaukee! Cannot wait to see my friends and family!
Can't get over some girls and there morals.  & don't get how boys can go for sluts wen there in a relationship !
Travelling to the midlands to watch eldest daughter swim in junior league final
Big Mike was just ranked 2 nationally for the game buffalo wild wings game
JCJillCox i saw Tony 2day but not u :(
This is why the NFL doesn't give shitty organizations prime time games. The stadium lights don't even work.
Seems like people are just never who they say they are
Oh my gosh get over it
Most people here at t4starsof2011 are hoping Harry_Styles Real_Liam_Payne NiallOfficial zaynmalik Louis_Tomlinson will appear love <3
Writing The Howling Bells feature article for BMA, with a glass of wine at Tilley's.
oohh he's the cuttest
i feel like im getting ready for a Game >,<
mcmakeamillion why aren't you following me?!
The covers Johnny Cash made in the last twenty years are pretty much all awesome and incredibly depressing.
Aww, thewantedmusic, GYC is no 4 in mix.fm top 40 charts.
Thank God for Clarity, thank god for understanding and thank god for forgiveness
Just thinking; my straightener's alone somewhere.. sad.
Has to work the rest of my break.
Getting my new phone tomorrow. Sixflags Friday. SFA this weekend. Then my birthday in 10.
Blessed to see another day! Thankful”
movie night wit her.... niniXXVII ....
Albert Pujols to the Angels for 250 million??
hopefully seeeing xarlos2012 tomorrow. <3
Thought i met the man that i was goin to settle with. But he turned and showed his true colors.
A lot of you niggas & hoes fell off since high school
Love is nature's second sun. George Chapman. All Fools
online twitter people; Y U NO TWEET ME!?!?!??! :0
Happy thanksgiving! Thankful for everyone in my life:) have a good day everybody!!!
That jets game last nites rly affected my mood today
Now I know who my real friends are.
Being sick at the thought of a cockroach being stuck up fatimas nose imaceleb disgusting!
Letter to ma future unborn...ima b da best dad I culd eva b
I missed one of my favorite movies .
Another late night... But for a good reason :)
wtf???? 11 o'clock!!!! sadness!! :((
Going black friday shopping with my mom! She said she wants to bond. My dad said either that or I have to rake leaves at 12 at night..
mrs rahman better thank me for acing her final first detention then not allowed to watch seahawks
I can't wait for my sisters to be home! We've got some catching up to do & parties to attend!
Not a happy day!
if i don't speak to some of my girls for just a day i feel like we havent spoken in time :|
In Class W/ Tone__Montana .. Moody .. & Jamel ... We Gotta Sub LOVE !
Also I'm going snowboarding again so God can we make sure I get it, and not fall down on me ass.
-Goodnight (T)witta . Gotta Get Up Early In The A.M. Tomar Is a Big Day
my phone right now <<<<
About ready to go cheer tonight. Not ready to leave where I am though!
Lhh we tweeting at the same time Love eri_nicole
.. And the realists, without the dreamers, they might never get off the ground.”
My oldest made cards for her father and I, she told us how thankful she is to have us as parents! thankful, kids,
You're amazing just the way you are _ZDaddy
My laptop screen just went beserk
I was waiting for this text all day today!!
I frikin hate having low blood sugars while working out
Going to visit USC today!!
I can feel it. Today's gonna be a great day.
just applied to redeemeruniversity!
Last week in uni, and men are strugglin'...how can my mate be sippin' on soaked Garri at this time? looool Cc Segnology
DainaSancho very nice family. :-) God bless u girl
The one that has always been there and cared more than she should have, is the one who gets pushed to the side.
I hate the kohls black friday commercial.
Why can't I sleep. NyQuil having opposite effects on me
So I'm not a critic or anything but..... Breaking Dawn sucked.. So bad
Sorry but I have to go to have dinner and then to work to put on the walls client's home my photos!yahoo happy!
I have an interview with the most amazing dress shop downtown 
You said I'm crazy, if I am I'm crazy for you
lil cousin will celebrate his 1st birthday on Sunday.
Loveeeee my team soo much ! Had an AMAZING practice so many new skills today !!
Mfs are crazy on fb. Smh stalkin ppl in shit
Why has nobody heard of Pussy Monster by Lil Wayne
With him i would never know whats going on . . .smfh
I am no longer a fan of Southern Miss Football.
Actually just nearly vommed watching The Human Centipede 2 trailer...
Sarahious Time to step back..
got 81% on my math test !!  I never got that high in that class
All these fags need to shut the fuck up
3 days eeeek
4.5 years, 2 degrees, 1 minor later and I'm officially done with college. Wow.
My English teacher will question why I was gone last class. Uh... does tat concern you?
calling er a night before at 10
Adios OK/TX taking off for Cali!!!!
I need to go to bed soon! Busy day! CANNOT wait to see iwabo abandonallships and OMandM!!
I'm starting to get the feeling in my face back...
Where do I think they were going to throw the ball
To many people have pissed me off today!
5 more days till winter break
asullivan85 what's yr fave protein shake recipe? asullivan85 what's yr protein oatmeal recipe? SHARE b
Done with my last final and now time to relax and enjoy my stress free vacation! :D
Savannah_Owens I swear you've been copying my catch phrases. Its starting to get
13eatSmith it's okay ^_^ much LOvE :)
Ahora a comer pizza con mi primooooo
Lil sister is snoring like this bitch has a job
Hope todays turns out to be better; tomorrowwwws a wrapp :D.
Even when im nervous i still cant back down! PRIDE,
Raybann27 all I can say too that tweet is...... You spelt positive wrong.
Glad I might be able to see bradhawley in a little over a week instead of a little over two. :) happy. fingerscrossed.
Mindless behavior is so annoying!! But their songs are so catchy
Why is this happening to me?! :(
I can't remember the last time I went to 2 malls in one day and my mom bought stuff for me all day long.
Ew this girl is only 15 & has fucked every single guy possible
__CarlyA no its ok i understand
Home from work and watching Harry hill.
My fan on high feels like love :)
Thanksgiving hugs and greetings to morsemusings JaqStone planethealer phyllismufson CKLopez44 BethmCohen holymully JustVanB
If I wasnt here tomorrow would anybody care? Would anyone lose sleep? I knw Im a mess and I want to be someone that I like better
BukkieSho Our society thinks old age suddenly bestows u with more knowledge & wisdom.
got right good christmas leave at work this year
Great, I'm already in pain & miserable and I gotta go shopping all day
The detroit lions have a chance to win today unlike every other thanksgiving where we watch them lose
God doesn't promise stability is this world ($, houses, people). His character is unchanging.
Can't decide what to watch, soul train awards or 27 dresses
They didnt email me......what does that mean??
When will it rain?
Got a lot of competition right now.... :/
bodyguard4JandJ You'd think in the spirit of Christmas he would have cleaned it! I was hoping he'd do the same for mine.
Idk how too feel about it...or If I should even feel at all...in the end i just want to be
Woke up this morning and thank god for everything he has done for me..
It's CHRISTMAS. ferdig på skolen og på jobb
This has become an official Dunner sort of evening
Waking up to finish packing and go to the airport
kaywamaria I'm on twitter!
Eagles are 3-6..
alleemix OMG. First season of friends is on...I'm dying.
I thought 2011 wasn't my year due to the unbearable pain I went through but made me change my perspective when I let it all go.
Its gonna be a long night :(
Without love, the rich and poor live in the same house. Author Unknown
She makes the bad week I had disappear
I'm grateful always abba
On my way to Georgia !  
The ones that never lend a favor seem to always fucking ask for one . annoyed .
cassidy_alysa lol Ik! it might not even start in the US tho!
Going to use LK for the first time when we go to pick up our tree and decorate!
Waiting for that one person to txt you!
why are there so many people in the grille? i'm glad i don't live on campus.
Chuck Norris just did a commercial for World of Warcraft....all chuck norris jokes now hold no meaning
Bitches with big saggy tits <<<<<< disgusting -____-
Dear Friday night can you please come a little faster
Il me manque trop!
dinahlou44 Last time I had this shit, I couldn't remember anything, but they said I was talking to them for like an hour.
adub keeps posting the texas dates on their facebook. <3
If you know the truth then why did you lowe it. Ddint think you were capable of going so low.
wohoo, one day and 3 finals between me and my month vacation! ahh!
SassySuma730 umm thats what u get.. told u he was coming!! Sucks I had to work or we woulda def been in the building..
We could sit here and cry,but frankly you're not worth it anymore.
I have never heard anybody eat a pack of crisps louder than my father it is ridiculous! SO irritating!
if redskins lose today, i lost all hope in them!
I *love* people who are always sucking up to people who they think they can get something from, and blowing off those that really care.
i seriously feel like everybody knows something important that i don't know about.. frustrated!!!
F o u r t e e n days left.
Semester Essay complete, bring on mondays submission. And six weeks off :D
The Edward Cullen poster cut out just stared deep into my soul and made me feel weak.
Really missing mama's care for me when I'm sick. :(
Hates how guys act arounnd  there friends... annoying.
justinbieber u are the best! <33
dominicwood92 negative on the jacket
Spring break in 3 months. :D and my b-day!
Still running the streets cause everyday I'm hustlin
Out with cesc02 & LauraJJ90 getting Jiggy for Christmas. Have ended up playing carcasonne in the pub
idk how people smoke cigarettes, i smoked one after work and now i can't get the disgusting taste out of my mouth ugh
life is where i want it.
Welp it's about that time to take this stats exam!
HAY CASTGO DE DIOS!?!?
My mom in my presence sometimes makes me wanna pop off
Can't wait for Sims 3 Showtime to come out on March 2012!
Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr. The timezones, I hate them. I've missed the 10Q game of SkylarGrey .
People should really stop trying to start drama on twitter. Put that stuff where it belongs, Facebook.
Jus felt his heart beat.!
Is it not funny that when you are going through a hard part in your life you always seem to find great music.
Gosh you ruin everything. I wished you would just disappear. frustrated.  aggravated.
i gotta get outta here..i feel like i'm suffocating. i need my boys from back home, dirt roads and the lake
Ejaz_4ShreyaG The 1st thing that u do is check ur email when you come online ..
When your mom purposely leaves half of the dishes for you to do
Guess I'm staying up tonight - nottjmiller 's stand-up special is on!
OMG! I'M SO HAPPY FOR ddlovato! YOU GUYS HAVE NO IDEA! IT'S HER DREAM SING WITH KELLY_CLARSKON AND SHE FINALLY DID! SHAKING PROUD 2
love the feeling of not having to get up for school again until January
and..even more sad..the new G-shock watches doesn't even look as good as my old one! sad²
itsabeautifulworldbecause of us Beliebers  We make justinbieber Happy :D
With my girls tomorrow (:
No rolls!! Wtf man I'm ready to go homie I wanna go where they cook the food wit
My phone has been so dry lately it doesn't make any sense!
I guess you can't please everyone
Sneaking a bath with a cup of tea and the Christmas Radio Times
I'm having a father/daughter day!!!! :)
YouHaveNoFriendsBecause you mess w/ all your friend bf's !
TeddyEastoe missing you already hubby, when you get back its serious football
Different people, same old shit.
Really? Get the fuck over it!
Sackmaster2014 sorry im glad you're still alive closeone I know this rarely happens
L_Horvath what I forgot to tell you is that's what she actually told the girls of the family
Everyone is beautiful in many different ways.
RandomPepsi hello, I'm good !
lanenicole94 I love you so much!! I'm blessed to know you!!(:
hngarrett i know!! love and miss you too :)
The Infamous Website is finally ready..!! Official Release coming very very sooooon..!!
Very excited to drive in the snow!!! Love the skidding and lack of control
starbucks and shopping with the people I love, couldn't get better than this
Omfg. I got called back twice for two different cast members for the Spring Show.
i cant believe i had $100 on my victoria's secret SECRET REWARD CARD! :)
Every time someone I follow retweets JacksonB, it makes me really sad...
okay im cutting ppl off , i dont have to say names youll figure it out while im ignoring you.
me and my dad got along the whole night. i'm
kendals sweet 16 tonight excited!
My tummy jus grumbled reallllyyyy loudly.... embarrassing!
in collins hall, all by myself
mgype49 Sarris18 I'm going saturday I can't believe ur not gonna be there
I want a dinosaur ; birthday is tomorrow . There's the greatest gift you could ever give me (:
My mom likes to go through all my gifts one by one after everyone leaves and make me give her a reaction to each. And. Every. One.
My mom got a new phone and now she doesn't even listen to me
Can't wait to be knee deep in that water keywest in three days!
Pictures coming soon I can't wait ...best job a female can have!!
AyrtonMaier omg I'm jealous.. We want some so bad!!
Me and my bff are both obsessed w/ Rihanna . . . . sad !
Wants a car just to sit!
I love the feeling of going home for thanksgiving! Can't wait to see my family!
So tired of being sick
Can't wait for baseball to start
Dnt say u r the best nd then turn out to b the worst.
IYQYQR shirt and a nice text this morning? It's going to be a good day :)
Offf to pick up footage :)
Ahora sí a estudiarle para mi BAT-Bloomberg Assessment Test el 5 de diciembre.
brain is fried....need to do assignment and study for a class which had no review.
tryna figure out this damn bpm with the metronome...
Se me acabo el dia :(  gracias a todos, hicieron mi dia bello :)
I love how people claim to love you, yet ignore you in the same breath
Ew to the rosemount pep rally prank
justinbieber HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO JAXON!
I hate when your top eyelashes stick to your bottom eyelashes...
Breaking Dawn later with Roanviana ^_^
Wish the dickhead girl on the bus would fucking turn cher lloyd off.
Had a good family christmas today
ShannonBrown I can't wait 4 Basketball!!!!
Have a math exam on Monday and I'm probably gonna flunk
vino_freakism timatkin this too! Chilled. Green olivey things. Sardines. Sundown.
Don't text me an then stop texting me
PracticalWed now that's a kickass career!
First training session of the winter
Is officially the worst gift wrapper EVER...
Oh well...definitely gonna have fun with those who show..
You are the only one who always knows what i am thinking and feeling
I have such a pottie mouth
Mikeyred412 jeffbilski aubreyyfaith8 sasquatch1079 It is important! That's why I cared so much it's
Heading out to go Christmas shopping for my family:)
Totally just found my justinbieber CD underneath my mums bed ready for Christmas EXCITED!
Breaking Dawn with Brii and Mom!!
Some things are coming together, working 2 jobs, saving money & gonna get a new car soon :)
Aw. Look at me growing up.
1st real day of work tomorrow...I hope I don't do or say anything too stupid...
today felt like a good day to eat a whale, and yet there was no whale flesh to be had.
Imy sis ijuzwannadanz n our talks
That picture that's ur wall paper :))
The guy next to me is breathing like he is on life support annoying lol
Came home and my dad has put christmas lights all over the house, they don't even match and are so fucking random lmfao
Hate it when some1 says call me and they take you to voicemail wehn you do call
Loved seeing my two favorites tonight APetrey AllieGlazner !!!! Love you all so much!!!
tarv118 haha yeah I still say Big 10 defenses are cakelike compared to SEC and he had better QB and O-Line play. but
These cupcakes are turning out good!!
S/O to MAGICKBLYSSENT bringing in the holidays tonight! Miss you all and ill see you tomorrow!!!  Love Blyss &
When I sit down and I feel the folds of my stomach..........
Dear God , Thank you for a new day ! I'm Thankful !!
Great wins for all 3 of my teams today: ITFC, LochgellyAlbert & Rangers.
Cinema on Friday. Not going to lie Excited :')
libs95 hey I couldn't help in! :(
I was just called goth. What the hell, just bc i dyed my hair don't mean I'm goth. God people get it right!
I've never watched fear factor before, and after tonight I never will
Okay so the past couple of days I've realised that its our friendship that really matters between us, nothing more and nothing less happy!
Uhm. You knew how important this was to me and you decide to get intoxicated instead?
Wearing a hat to B&Q because I haven't washed my hair in a few days
she just want attention ! Annoying af !
Will everybody please stop tweting about the dam UT/UK game..both teams suck
My mom is the BEST!
Christmas needs to come sooner, I want my laptop
PurduePetesGirl  <= God Bless you and yours sweetheart
cookie dough second night in a row. i'm on a roll. skype with daoodaodao
It's surprising how your day can turn from good to bad in the blink of an eye
21st Bday weekend has officially started
My great mood went away when I got home :'( sometimes I wonder why they even adopted me if all I do is dissappoint them
mint chocolate cookies. UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUGH SO GOOD.
v_rizal: You have distinguished you, thanks for listening!
Someone hangout with me tomorrow. lonely nofriends nolife.
Why do Omf Pound her first word in her tweet !
OMG jeffreylike say I sleep talked HAHA
Couldn't be happier to be with someone who takes care of me when I'm sick.
Had a blessed Turkey day with the fam! Glad to be back home safely.
Pmetanoia100 thanks. Here too early at least I am not late
tschel93 you don't have to live here.. come watch a movie with meee
exes willl be exes
Selena Gomez joins one of the most exclusive lists in the world, the Stars Confidential 100 Most Beautiful Worldwide List. :')  
So this grown ass man jus said he thinks he has beiber fever omg lik seriously dud u lik 50
ItsxMaarine Babe I Miss You
Having a deep chat with Alice I think I might cry :'(
Have been on twitter almost allday.
Boxing Night 4 Hr Classic DJ set, Bureau Bar, Jordanstown. excited lol
i ran into the door cause i forgot to open it. -,-
Cleaning a lot of people out of my life and i may be starting with you!
Wow way to many people shoot up
nothing irks me more than an empty kettle!!!
latashamcguire1 YeAh I know, because IPhone's grow on trees...
I've never been so disappointed in my entire life.
Tempted to check my practical final grade....but the nerves are getting in my way
I can't stand doing the dishes annoyed >:/
I'm late as it is and my grandfather stops halfway into the fucking intersection for a red light -__-
My moms not coming home tonight.. lonely :(
xochloe23 MegsElizabethhh thank you Chloe haha as for you Meghan, I expected more...
Hey guys who could be my dad I don't wanna sleep with you.. you could be my dad
Spending Thanksgiving Day with the ones I love the most!
Quit bitching about your parents
All people know how to do these days is text. What happened to a phone call?
DaniiMetz I follow the entire cast of Teen Mom 2. um.. embarrassing. haha
i never realised that i lived in a pretty house. sad.
Thursday ya nas thursdaay  :'(
I feel like shit
a_parinella I'm all alone....there's no one here beside me. Seriously though, where are you? Feel like I haven't seen you in a week.
When you realize you don't have many days if school left.
tf bitchh i don't knoee why you decided to touch thosee damn cookies !
Gonna go to school now niggas. Bye.
Can't sleep, hate having catnaps in the late afternoon
Cmate's today (31oct11): when love is bittersweet, love is true.
Ready for try his week to be over with already got plans for all this week and next week Christmas is right around the corner
Best part of the holidays - being holiday wasted
Don't text me when your high.
Next week is gna be the best. I'm super
Getting out of the shower and hearing your parents fight over Madden on Xbox.
Grandma preaching to me bout not getting big headed, remembering where I came from & i'm gone make it one day
Just when you need something good to happen God sends a message through a player. trulyblessed love this team!
Lillev_1 I really can't even believe you just said that........
xharper0124 Ummm who doesn't
AllieeeSwanny did you hear florence new cd?! Omggg
I really LOVE waiting forever at the post office. Love.
Guineafowl bastilla with minted yoghurt and pomegranate at Hotel Lincoln for team dinner. Outstanding.
Words cannot describe how excited I am to see all of my family for Thanksgiving!
ItsBradyBitches GOOOD. make sure it's minty (;
Mum and dad always ruin my good moods!
NOW: Free, customizable CHRISTMAS erotica stories you can e-mail to your sweetie! HoochyMail.com
Love being locked out
Hahaha! My friends and family in germany have to get up in 1 hour for school!! Hahah
Eating; football; sleeping; & shopping. <3
I'm gonna text haley
smithsanski8 24 hour countdown......... I CAN'T WAIT!
Keep yo schedule cleared for Sunday at 5 MzControversy
waiting on my cousin to get here with ALL my shit...
Ok now I'm
So why dis drunken man feel like di whola Cross Roads need fi si him 'package'? :s
Eating Gala & Pure water
First Bloem interview EVER on KoviseFM le Diva_Helen  and TigerThebe...
paiigeryry make a shirt and wear jeans!((;
One of the biggest reasons I don't follow a lot of girls from my school is because they use emojis on EVERY FRIGGIN' TWEET.
....at work. wishing i was in my bed :( at least i have a job tho.
The 4year old barked orders to my director friend while decorating the christmas tree this evening. Biting his tongue he was.
I'm really starting to hate the male species
. fruitcatt is a freaking genius - eating birthday fudge on the train and it's totally delicious!
UK_BlackBerry why when I go to go on sum1's twitter profile when they are mentioned in a tweet it just doesn't do anything at all?
I wish I could be at home going to church with my family
Daddy is coming home today! :)
spending the day with my family and loved ones! happy thanksgiving everyone, I hope you all have a great day!
claudiacalvise atm not at all
that moment when you find out your friend fucked the girl you wanted too
Still crying a little an hour later...
***BREAKING NEWS***  I, Jasmine L. Young, Has NOBODY 2 Talk 2 !!   Lonely :/
Really want to fight, like this girl is trying her luck and her lil family amping her head to think she something she not
Omg stop being two faced
Sometimes I just can't stand being alone
You absolutely amazingg..and Idk what I'd do without youu I lovee you soo muchh <3 Happy :)
TAKE CARE IS THE NUMBER ONE ALBUM ON ITUNES. SUCK DICK MAC MILLER
Bout to find out the sex of my first baby in minutes...
I can't wait to see jimmer live.
Maths wasn't bad just 3 mistakes good for me.
HailState just ordered my bowl tickets
Omg TEMPERATURE! Brings back memories *covers face* :$
Becca hasn't been online for ages and she said she'd be on at 11...ahhh
LottieLa RobmDyson Absolutely. I plan on spending the next week in a christmas cake-induced coma.
Nothing like a solid squash session to start off a Saturday
I had a 20 minute rant to Cactus Joe
Miss_London05 Love ya too. Nothing but
Rihanna, you run charts ! Congratzzz U work a lot for Navy. We're
Pull into the car wash and it starts to rain!
i never see any of my best friends
Man im craving Olive Garden! If i dont find someone to go eat with on friday ill go eat by myself. lonely lol
Gotta luv feeling like shit by the ppl who r supposed to make u feel better about urself. Sad thing is this feeling is so routine to me
Ahh the smell of arabic coffe
Time to lose some wisdom
Had the funniest couple of days with lauren_daly, Northampton in two weeeeeks!
Due to the fact of not going to be until 4 lastnight and getting up so late, I'm wide awake thanks chardavies_x
I remember those lunches at home playing guitar hero...
1 hour 45 minutes before I get Chiptole.
Getting ready for tomorrow...
God, I love that U r the force that moves me&puts feeling, love& compassion in my heart..but sometimes, I wish I didn't feel so much.
so many people so much food so much foodball
i got three hours of sleep last night but in all honesty, i don't even care :)
Blindfolded through downcity providence now about to iceskate for te first time
shoutout to the babe for getting a new job today that pays more!!! This thing is really coming together
Left my only chapstick in jearamyward's car
Of course the channel the UW game is on we don't have it
pokwang's christmas tree dress :> hahaha
First game of the presidents cup
Just found out I have a car :)
What a night and I got to get up early in the a.m. to go see my daddy
bossy people -____- time and a place
Off to winter wonderland yeyyyy!
Watching valentines day with the roomies
3 interviews none thru...
A good night's sleep in my own bed, a bowl of cheerios, strong coffee and CBCR2Morning.
We are all different. . So stop comparing me to everyone else. .
Ahh shuld be good weekend
My best or my worst to you it don't matter..you can see thru my flaws and keep loving me..
R.I.P Grandma u will b missed love u lots ..u were the best and always will b muah..u go beneath the earth today
this bird is chirping to the beat of
TassiaElSayed I'm thinking twice a day?
Told my mom I was blazed at a party a couple months ago.. She just changed the subject
You know what's worse than a root canal? insomnia. Know what worse than insomnia? Excruciatingly slow wifi connection.
should've defeated this 2nd tier Roma shit.
ughhh, college volleyball tryouts this wednesday at carlow
Nyrblueshirts Dubi is so Off his game
If you say you love me forever, make sure that forever doesn't have an end.
WHY DO SOME PEOPLE TYPE IN CAPS?
Has bigtime had enough of wrk today
Work completed. Uni completed. Now home to finish packing & leave for brighton! :D
I'm getting 'Under The Mistletoe' for christmas! :) happy justinbieber
New Map's coming soon!
aim_thomas did u try them noodles.? They were amazing. When I go to @ Lauren it don't come up. Sooo frustrating! X
A world without mosquitoes and roaches...................
Niggas these days just hurt! Smh
I'm ready to go out and have fun tonight.
TrinaBraxton today is thursday which mean the new season of BFV comes on today!!
Whopps pressed too many buttons at the end
Im sorry but no one cares about your sex life
birthday is in two months and ten days love.
I'm paralyzed without you  
prdru1 I know, right? He's appealing but no sports player has ever won an appeal.
The girl in front of me on the train is smacking her gum so loud. I keep giving her death glares.
It's a good day. Happy :)
The fact that Asda sell dog advent calanders this year is making me really happy! :-D
Im soooo tired of ppl thinkin dey can get over on me dis implies to FAMILY ! too
Why am I not getting notifications from twitter?
MindlessBhavior Are u guys ready to come back to South Carolina? We miss u so much!! :)
Me hace falta todo :'( la más
once you go black you never go back... does that apply to my hair color as well?
I'd do jus about anything 2 hear her voice again
Who got money on the Bills?
um, interscope is following me! surprised.
lucyybeex just realised, we didn't do the classic 'i'll be drunkkkk again' whilst being drunk last night! -.- disappointing.
CandaceSewell you too lovely! I'll call u around 9, does that work? Can't wait for our phone date xoxo
Can't wait for teen mom 2 excited!
Eye of the tiger - rockey.
Addicted to the Dixie Chicks. It's been too long .
the new Facebook events layout for fb has confused me just wrote to someone saying happy birthday when it's tomorrow lol
Been craving tots for three days, I eat some, boom. Crave them again.
Kenny Chesney and Tim Mcgraw concert this summer!!!
My Twitter Finally works on my phone again!
_najdee didn't even say goodbye!
soooo today I did 2 exams __BUsiness and Sociology =
Why can't I find a good pic?
Clippers up by 22 smh
Every night I amuse myself by reading the Daily Mail site... and then I remember that it's real and these people actually exist.
Hey Tweeties! Make it a GREAT week!! So many things in store...so grab your blessing!
Finally weekend Happy: Finally weekend
If the rest of the break is anything like tonight it's going to be an amazing next 2 weeks! happy lovemylife (:
was considering working new years eve... however chrisbrown hosting koosday may have just messed up my plans...
with the Drexiya CD album in my hand!
On our way home.. Excited for our reunion! Hey Pech, organize mo un Caramoan ha! :) had so much fun last night talaga!
Cant be in love by ur damn self!
I'm an OU fan....
HappyBirthday PrettyMuch_Keia At the end of the day all yu got is family...
justinbieber justin follow after all his fans, except me . =[ SAD 39
BREAKING DAWN IS AMAZING, BRILLIANT, ROBERT PATTINSON IS PERFECT
I give up on
Your not cool, so stop trying
done with English class proud =)
I love TonyDungy and TimTebow ... && I love that TonyDungy loves TimTebow
Training for Hull Reps tonight, got 7 trailists coming down, should be good!
Life is good today
Must have listened to all of Take Care at least 30 times.
I been away from my phone for 30minss & dont have no missed calls or textss
Is thankful for all my blessings! From good to bad because they are from our Father God! And he knows what he is doing!
Motorpaced behind a bus at 40mph while training this morning. A big fat slipstream and a blast of warm air
can't wait til school is over so i can see my boyfriend (: i love him.
Ughh shitsridiculous really this game?!   I'm highly
i'm tired , i should sleep but my godson keeps crying every 10 minutess -______- annoyed .
My day is going absolutely wonderful :-)
Tebowing is now a part of the English language....
hacksaw121691 I didn't sleep in any of my classes today
Eating a jordgubbsstang (swedish candy)
wow. this all came too fast. saying my goodbyes tomorrow to some of the most amazing people in my life.
Have to remind myself about people I
You'd think in this absolute whale of a Library there'd be at least one seat near a plug so my senile laptop can last the day.
HAVF THE BEST NIGHT OF YOUR LIFE. danilitwak
I hate when they put that thing inside my pee whole when u get tested
I've never been in Love i wonder what it feels like
Finally put up the tree haha
Gossiping with my mom love snuggling with my kittylove. Just some bitches being bitches.
Church, eat, pack, thn its met bound....The best is yt to comeHappy:-)
When people don't text back.
Can't wait until later. Goin to see Breakin Dawn with t_jane5 !
I'm so blessed!!!
I just want real
Pitty people burn my head out, moan moan moan! Give it a f*cking rest
Happy thanksgiving!! Family time all day<3
S/O To All my followers, thanks for all The love
I have racked up more frequent flier miles with CHS_Eagles than in my personal life..Basketball has given me those opportunities
Me and zay gotta weird relationship ,
School tomorrow , then all night skate this weekend . Hangin with mattie and kia saturday. :D Excited .
Knodding off at the beauty shop embarrassing :/
Getting My Nails Done
How is this 6 year old beating me at pool. This is ridiculous.
Is friendship a two way street, or is that only relevant when you need me?
Passed my exam today with a 72%
Man Utd, Liverpool and now Spurs victories make that point yesterday for CFC seem like a defeat
Would do anything to go to xfm winter wonderland tonight
Its time to go and my bestfriend DanaiKittrell never showed
Are you just gonna throw me away like all the rest, like I'm not good enough? worried :/
Spent my special day with my loved ones. What more can I ask.
You're really beginning to bother me, and I don't like to be bothered.
You can't force anyone to love you or be with you... And the real question is... Why would you want to?
So some1 is dead 'cos of an argument about L.Messi vs C.Ronaldo and the match hasn't even started!
10PARK it's Shippley's social hatred of the poor all over again & i agree it's the real tragedy of the election.
ladygaga i think u will be a winner!! :) cause u have lil.monster always support you, without all monster u Nothing! Proud! 15
davidbuczkowski so much love right now.
I looked at tha calendar nd baby cme hme nxt Tuesday
justinbieber I'm so proud of you. FA LA LA is AMAZING! Every song of UNDERTHEMISTLETOE is amazing!! PROUD 27
hiccups for the 2nd time today...
still looking for super sunday volunteers letsrage more info on facebook
petpeeve when i get in the car with you, and you're on the phone.
2nd time for everything I guess
Taking va tech off my list of colleges, crazy people in a such a small area.
Please don't talk to me anymore I ignore cause I don't like you, take a hint I'm choosing not to embarrass the he'll outta you.
collgall96 i was going to but my grey hardtails are in the wash ..looks like ill be uncomfertable &
Watching ManUtd play with a bowl of chocolate icecream in your hand- Perfect combination. Bliss :)
Bout to get my website together ,and put in these orders ...
Ughhh ; I think every thing is just building up at once  
Just want to be happy ):
Just arrived home from school.
virginmobile are so frustrating! every month I'm having to call them about something...so
Need to paint my nails right now I hate when they chip
When I subtweet and you know its not about you, but you still ask me because you're just being nosey
couldnt be any happier with life <3
I have has the hiccups of and on for 18 solid hours.
yasss, got a 2 on my cdt test
Iam buy u a drank ...n iam take yuh hme wit me
All we care about is talkin, talkin bout me and you
i'll need to buy my own wrapping paper this year! :D
OhMySimpson14 followback? xx check my bio and please tell others about it? :)
The W Doha on my mind
I am a sucker for
Knew what I had to do and I just couldn't
breannaa_14 SMH your the worst who would want to do that to a cat? :/
Ahh that made my morning!!! excited ScarlettLewis2
My Grades Looking Soo Good(:
God is beyond great!!!
csgt And yet somehow I had a dream last night that my boss-to-be canceled his job offer for no stated reason...
It's an earlier-than-I'd-like morning, but listening to my Mr. tell a made-up story to our littlest boys, who are listening intently.
...Or you can join us at GayFriendsYYC's Palate Travels 2.5 at T-Pot, Sun 11/27 for the world premiere!!!
spookspumpkin pickapig TRACY_DiMARCO omg your so clever you watch tv!youre so insecure Tracy's a nj beauty and u have no self esteem
Everyday I find new reasons to hate everyone && their mom
First drink since April -- a few drops of Veuve with family to celebrate our engagement. Now all I want to do is sleeeeep.
Made my first origami creature today :)
My place looks so goood, my christmas tree is the best :)) CAN'T wait for christmas...
In plett + there are kids for days in steers. Aww nostalgiaaaa :( Rage zostella PudCallaghan CrazeyChloe
iNasief aowa why are u acting like u don't know house 22??? Ohh its me neh....?? So I'm not part of the bro-code??? Its fine...
anniejakeman Haha, I hadn't been yet this year so I thought it was time for a change. As for you though
Blessed w/ another day
_aMAEzing ayyyyeeeee! I'm in there! One of these days lol
I wish I was smart
I wanna go home and sleep.
Taking Bailey to the vet at 4:30. Praying for good news and not something bad.
LOVELIFERENEFAN LoveLifeArmy exactly!! No one does it better then our boy, love MrChrisRene
Dustin Hoffman sighting!
The notebook is on, how lucky. happy 11/11/11 <3 (:
Haha the funniest thing! excited :D
Plans stay falling through -___- annoying!
Blond Moment......do not try to buy gift vouchers when you have no card to pay for them with
see if youv got too many texts from someone on your iPhone will it stop recieving texts from them?!
I really love where I get my nails done. But the man that works here really needs to stop playing the guitar.
i love having my boyfriend home all week <3
My mom saw a Grenade free zone shirt and didnt get me it!!!
What if ur BFF became ur worst enemy?? must watch out for Disney's FRENEMIES I>I> bellathorne & Zendaya96 mood: Excited 5
with jason going to meagans to go back to the ville.
never frown, someone could be falling in love with your smile(:
MadisonRivera34 noo Ohhh and today I was texting everyone happy thanksgiving and I texted you and i had the wrong number
I keep calling her, but she won't pick up.
torsaksit this sunday play piano at church againnn yung play mai krong duay hahaha Please pray for me dauy haaaaaaa worry ':>
Scratch what I said about the PP coming around. We have got to convert on these.
Thanks a lot dear friend I wish you where here to talk and talk and talk “Rainhyta: :( :| :) :D AnimsDiego.. JajajaRT diegovemz: :( Sad”
When your boyfriend doesn't know what 'Mean machine' is about, but knows what 'Bring it on' is :s
I hate it when people think they r good at singing and they absolutely suck!! I wanna no what makes them think that! annoying.
Feeling so loved today. I absolutely adore my friends and family.
I will say this again... YOU CAN'T BE COCKY IF YOU SUCK AT IT.
Ha, het lukt!!
7 more sleeps until Christmas!!
I miss my girl.
glad i told him, even if it doesnt change anything.
joanhiller Hand to god I had to remember there are other Emersons than Keith Emerson.
imagining the freedom of holidays, not far now
6 days till my birthday, 9 days till langley
I hate it when I dream about you, I always wake up super bitchy.
I'm making thanksgiving dinner for my fam(ily) today... Yeah that's right ME. I'm making it, and so far it looks tasty. yummy excited.
This is it ! VH1.
Yes, we understand sharon o brien is all over our newsfeeds, no need to put a status after about a billion people have already.
Soccer in the rain... I can't wait till our games begin.
he don't even kno I'm talkinq about him lol
NP 2PAC_DEAR MAMA   S/O TO MY MOMZ, SHEs AWSOME!
A person with ambition and love for their blessings here on earth is ever so alive. Pearl Bailey
And the worst weekend begins now :(
missMARI2u I know! And it's supposed to be a pretty big one!
Christmas Blend is here. Now. Starbucks
Authors spend months, or even a year+ on a novel - show some
Yaya one more week of school until winter break.. Excited..
does anyone wanna come over and just lay down with me?
You'll never appreciate the good times until you have some bad ones
I gave some good ass advice at work today
Just spoke to a guy who bought IP rights to a technology that clearly doesn't work. He thinks it does and is now living in a shelter.
The Journey of being a single Mommy Continues LessonOfTheDay = It's ok 2 sometimes ask 4 help!
I've been very productive tonight. proud.
Cretia don't even remember what all was said smh
Hates when people text me on daily basis, saying the same stuff and not carrying on any conversation.
beatrixkiddo79 self addressed envelope sorted. Just need stamps! Fingers crossed I get tickets!
xLeahStevens I have one of those in my life right now too.
All of these Twitter quote pages have the same tweets..
thatannoyingmoment when girls make their stays saying guys are stupid or fuck boys or I hate boys
Just found shots I took when I bought my 1st digital camera in...'09. Lol I broke it in right by going 2 the canyon at my fav spot Bliss ;)
laurkassa. not gonna lie that's a prettty good movie lol
2,202 followers... My followers= amazing. excited!
such a bad day, fuck.
Nya_Jones be ready for this weekend! we have a couple of events and glowoutwiththesnowout rave to attend
Well done mate..*mandi true cus..
Ugh twitter why do you have to Have a limit to what I tweet :(
I'm happy too be back in yours arms
doesn't  your computer/phone  have  spell  check?
Love getting good news
Ooohh! The Christmas holyday very close, all made a wish desire?:) Christmas and
ihate when people borrow a pen/pencil and don't return it..
therichbrooks My Dh has this & next week, off.
The one thing bout havin mad kicks is unstackin this damn wall of boxes to get to the joints I wanna wear, then stackin em back up
Yeah I'm mad this morning...bt nevertheless I'm
OOMF acting brand new lately even on my birthday
RedboneDelightt o yea I need to read that. That's prolly the only book I eva read
I better hit my 3's tomorrow or I'm going to be very pissed. nervous!
0308charlotte I'm not impressed with this... I dont like snow... It makes my feet wet and cold :(
Mr producer man flying in for a few days for some pre production tomorrow. excited.
I hate when ppl are desperate....yeah the more you try the louder I'm saying goodbye
Today I am thankful for indoor bike trainers. Rain all day.
Yayyyy tebow I knew you got this
College,life,you win.
When you retweet practically everything that supports HP and disses twilight.
So much going on in the NBA	right now.
Wow more women's boxing on the front page!
Epic day of football.
Lekkerste sigaret van de dag met RemcoTigchelaar.
piersmorgan poor research/ knowledge. Man utd weren't best or biggest team in country when gazza went spurs! Nowhere near!
those people that type out and hashtag everything they tweet
Seeing ur friends in school after a holiday nd hugging them like its been ages..
grantgust I swear, you and Curt are plotting this. Trying to drive the Warbler fans insane, huh? Well, it's sure working!
When people say leaving in 5 minutes, they mean half an hour
i love my babe he makes me so Happy :))
Let me get ready!!!!! I'm going to the Movies before work Excited!!!!!!
Breaking Dawn Part One needs to hurry up and get here already.
Last day of semester tests tomorrow.....
Late night bowl if weedies
I wish somebody would come visit me :(((
Paying my training to literally kiss my ass hurt lol
I watched spongebob with my housemate nate today. see? Even Michigan students are still kids at heart.
On my way to arkansas!Heck yess!<3 but gunna miss meg_lits AND sprdurwings VERY MUCH but im glad i got to see both of them lastnight
I also need to shoot more in the gym . kuhs my shooting tonight was not the business
Snow on the ground :)
major writer's block.. last essay of the semester too.
KennyHamilton doesn't follow me.
December 30, why so tagal?
waking up in 3 hours... bleh. The only thing getting me through this week is knowing I'll be in New York on Sunday.
Alston_TigerSir ol I've been before lol I know!!!
Well Raiders have already lost... Back to study guides
Lil_Dazzle I think you just tweeted the wrong person lil dazzle......
Half way through a 35 page print and the ink decides to start fading... and fading... and fadi...
This concussion needs to go away so I can dance again
Yung feeling na nagkasya yung tweet mo sa 140 characters.
PPB_Forum Thank you!!! I made this =] Much
Awesome Christmas Celebration yesterday _LifeChurch! Thanks to all who visited our home last evening for Christmas Open House!
To many xmas songs
i3nduffy you and stefania_inco made a pinky promise!!
finally done!!! its so prettty =]
This time next week i will have my phone finally
well that took major balls
As I sit and watch the sun rise, I realized how blessed I am to be breathing
I just found a lot of tapes I had as a child!
I hate parents ..
I miss you..more than you'll eve know
Im Jus So HAPPY : D
My god is so good
seen some stuff on her page that made my stomach drop
Never have two doctors cause one can tell you one thing and the other one can tell you something totally different! -_-
Back to kickboxing circuits.
Im truly fat for nothing;; cause i dnt eat shit;; i be wanting this and that but really i can only eat HALF A HAMBURGER -__-
I love driving at 4 am. No traffic anywhere.
Never be so anxious to speak that you forget to listen.
its december tomorrow and i dont have an advent calender ..
Today I laughed and smiled a lot. Thank you Lord for the happiness. Good night ladies & gentleman.
Can't believe Ryan Braun
The grinch is on
Wish that htc would sell the plum coloured Rhyme i Denmark, it should have been a present for my wife, but only available i offwhite
Glue stuck inn my head<<<<<<< irritated .
Can't wait for tomorrow!
I'm bout to unfollow his ass!
the beard has been slain
Gosh  I am so thankful for SetItOff and their amazing music that has gotten me through so much! Most amazing band ever <143
A family is a little world created by
My dad is paying my phone deductible for xmas. I also bought a otterbox case. I will never deal with a broken phone again!
Football food and Copenhagen
Last best lab test of the semester
FIRST TWEET FROM MY NEW LAPTOP! exciting :)
aww Follow Anahi is the TT!!
The First Time I Wore Heels For Hours .   Happy .
“RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today fear less”
KChenoweth I've already been watching last night's performance. Nothing fazes you, girl! Amazing! Congratulations!
Wow, yourr a lot of helpp .
Shit shit shit shit!
Facebook told me that I have 89 numbers in my phone that I'm not friends with on Facebook. I found ONE worth adding! Lol
I always have a hard time sleeping.. sad .
First day of work tomorrow excited :-)
black eyed peas jam sesh in the snow
Universiyy of edinburg out of the question anyways :( dammn
Spanish test was easy
Gettin rid of my tatty virginity card!
Sharks should have scratched Demers instead of White or Braun.
Right here enjoying testimonies and fellowship at church
Ugh.. bitch ass niggas like u make my ass itch..irritating#
Bout to be another great day!!
How can the people you love the most, hurt you the most?
Girls that act dumb
I love my girl StephhyyGeee she always has the right words to say on the phone. Love you girl <3
got a flat tire in front of Northwoods mall today... 2 policemen changed my tire right away.
Eboue has suffered racial abuse in Turkey where a bottle was thrown on his head along with being called a monkey
- we're just fragile beings lookin for somebody to share something with, to laugh with, & to love .
Oke, nu echt slapen.
FreshHadden , Good !! Blessed Cannot Complain...Got my Georgia License so that's situated Excited lol
FINALLY : i get to exhale !
Asleep since 7. Awoken for toilet. Back to sleep now. Feeling utter shit.
Heading to Jersey wtf is up
1'st of december tomorrow, cant wait to open my calender!
People r so sick in this world. Ppl killed a 80 year old woman. Slashed her throat and bound her arms just for a robbery
Thank god my mom didn't take my phone back :)
TomCommentator Tom I though u had more about you than to be xfactor watcher. disappointed.
Testing twitter mobile.. Without a smartphone! Hope this works well!
I just hiccuped for 15 minutes.
My ZTE Blade touchscreen stopped working. But do not despair, I've fixed it.
Im doing good today...
drinking at the bar with some good people.
Hello Kitty Ipod just came in the mail
nerdsaurus aww... your words are hurtful.
I like this girl :)
avadalton1 so I just thought you should know.. you're my little sister because when I was your age, I looked and acted just like you.
Wishin I had just gone to sleep instead! Frustrated. :/
all my mom ever makes is some form of pasta.
people that get mad way to easily
These gummy bears taste like shit.
I'm nt bout to cry over no pageant but those girls dat was cryin had me cryin
I'm so ready for tomorrow, and to be one break. And be with my girlfriend. Couldn't ask for more.
he let the whole city of Memphis know how he feel about me....
First swim meet tonight
2 more sleeps till my bday n 4 more til I am goin on holiday...can't wait
hannahpaulaxo 8:50 ACTUALLY. shut ups a harsh word ):
Some people should get a life & stop invading mine. You seriously have nothing better to do?
Lauren__Marie_  haha that would be great advice if we didn't go to an all girls school practically...
Feeling like a princess at The Bachelor Farmer. They made me my own special veggie meal w/extra brussel sprouts. Love.
Why is17 not a big deal, but 18 is fuckin hugeeee. :/. frustrated thinking.
i wish u would just leave me alone about it ..... damn
I basically know everything about you from your twitter sad butsotrue lol
flying to Naga tomorrow for another Roadtrip. :D excited to meet teachers from that area...
If you're gonna text me at least reply when I text you back
Tweeetin to myself on twitter, no ones followin me
Sorry for tweeting so much.
Back since Thursday, 5 new robots made since then.
I still can't believe KAPTA1N_K1TTY straight tried to get me to drink baby oil I wasn even that drunk smh
new episode of walking dead starts now!
justinbieber drummer boy is the best! LOVE SWAG 6
Wow, ive already been with her for two months:)
Grrr Basecamp just went down for me
Learn how to control your kids!!!
On my way to see Babyylele96  at panera for the 1st time  
Some people can be so childish. Really, you deleted me off Facebook? yoursocool.
Cant do my homework because my dad don't give me the fucking laptop.
Going to the lights tonight! Don't think i have been since i was about 5
First soccer game in a tournament ... Futboliñas!!!!!
I hate that my tweetcaster is acting like this
Setting the alarm on a saturday night
Trying not to think about Christmas so the time will pass quicker :D
Finished school while no one to go out with Depressed :(
Finna go get in bed with my one n only lover. i never wanna leave her side.
I don't understand whyy no one texts me back...
Im bout to give up on packing! annoyed!
In just a few hours I will be at home. Get to marvel at our new flooring and activate my iPhone :)
I may not always remember all the hurtful things you said to me, but I will always remember how they made me feel.
I honestly hate when ppl are tweeting dumb ass shit.
Wonder what Bella will do now that she's a vampire? anxious breakingdawn _Zacheus Mom2coolboyz
My manager just gave me the keys to his Saab & told me to run to the bank for him & said I can go home when I get back
Ever since I woke up, all I have on my mind is food and December To Remember :D
StudlyStu LT is HOF material! Tebow can't even throw a spiral!!
That sad moment when all your powder makeup falls on the floor and you still try to use it itsnotworthit #:(
octoberaine You do know that Eddie McClintock is friends with Maynard, yes? He has bts pics on his fb page from European tour.
ffs, twitter let me change my picture on hereeeee!
Pray that I won't end up in a hospital again during the ride for life century...
Hates when my brothers scream & fight...-_-
S/o to all my new and old followers Thankful...
dang. Aherrera214 is a wise, wise friend.
It's snowing !!!
Really can't believe that I have eyebags!
been a busy day but im back at my home home. going to bed now
Ppl love to be in Myette's business. You're not TMZ and I'm not a celebrity. Calm all that down.
Denver runs the zone read on every play and the Chargers just don't know wtf they're doing
Of course he would walk in...
justinbieber i wish i get UNDERTHEMISTLETOE for my birthday today(: i hope u see this it would make my birthday the BEST!! EXCITED :D
Cavs better grow some heart and learn how to fight if they expect to repeat. Champions don't back down!
“CharlieJFoxx NP Drake - Over My Dead Body. (This will get repeated a couple times)”
Sleeping is absolutely ridiculously amazingly wonderful
Mmmn different color nail polish on each hand
SamJ10 joriiwest Have either of you tried this stupid stupid BLaw assignment yet?
I wish my family could accept me for me. You know? They want me to be some kind of sophisticate and not have any life at all..
Ur cool, now go away! Smh!
Think I'll get myself an early Christmas present and order these makeup brushes
Julian is the most beautiful blessing.
Nobody cares about me anymore
Im in love with kara? Ya...um definetly not.....
Meeting jakes family for the first time after two years
Trip to the Dominicans tomorrow! Gotta get this hair done!!!
Too many ALLBLACKEVERYTHING parties.
Hopefully in onemoreyear we'll be together and happy :)
GOTTA BE YOU ALREADY OVER MILLION VIEWS PROUD <3 onedirection
Can't wait to get my Tattoo behind my ear!
The way things are now In my house now I can honestly say I don't have a family anymore
Lmfaooo you're so
Just recorded 4 videos and none of the will be posted...disgusted.
I love my Ipod!
Morgen pas om half 10 op school te zijn
IM TYPE TIRED AT THE MOMENT BUT AT THE SAME TIME I CANT SLEEP HURT LOL
Common courtesy is non existent with kids growing up nowadays.
Ughhh. SOMEBODYY POINT ME TO THE BEST ASSX EATER!
This shits gunna make or break us .
Jit got high and had a orgasm for the 1st time in her life at the age of 20 sad lol
You trained these lips when they were champs and now they're itchin' for a comeback, So come back.
Singapore fanbases are getting noticed by big names recently.
I don't trust anyone, don't wanna talk to anyone, not telling one person anythig and can't stand anyone,
then BELL GAME !! GO BULLDAWGS ! :D
zep_willy you coming down boy? I'm so excited ha
...one more week......one more week......one more week... I don't like my job. Thankful school starts next week!!
Louis1DLovelies onedirection Yeah.... The album made the effect, but I talked one with Harry and Louis.. So I am in
iREALLy tHOUGHT i COULD BE A BiGGER PERSON & GEt OVER tHE SitUATiON BUt i CAN't
Rude people these days
I hate when your face to face with someone and you ask them something and it takes them 5 mins to answer you
ok so my best friend/sister told me i should audition so I'm going to audition for RADIODISNEY NBT.
why does he have to be so annoying -___-
After choir tonight, I'm free!!! :D
my knee just gave out......
Any thing you say, Say it with Love or have it be canceled out by the lack of integrity to back it up. original
¤ IM GONNA SMILE CUZ I DESERVE TOO!!! =)))
Today DollHouse came out! :D
LindsayBurman I'm home... I don't know what to do... I need to... aseroisandglasdng
Dear clueless Spanish teacher, why are you trying to teach me? There's no one in class and the ones that are don't want to be here!
Wahhhh! we lost like 24 to 10:(
Tried to eat Raisin Bran for breakfast. WAY too many raisins. Honestly, if I wanted to eat raisins and milk, I would have.
I could passout right now, but I di nice things.
yogaoakville how was first class at claritycentre?
I cant wait to put my christmas lights on the tree & FINALY make my hair look different! excited!! :D
Waiting around for formalities before going home.
Me voy a aser ejerciciozzz :D
he's awake...
Females & their Fucking Emotion!!! annoying >.<
ah ! its going to be a sunny day.
People really need to learn how to watch their kids!!
Had my choir concert today
JyliBiebSwag love u to! Don't go offline forever!
My 11/2 yr lab is unwell. He's listless and moving with difficulty, does not seem to be in pain, dry and warm nose
finally time to see me mom. 2 months is to long.
shockakig (Shocking Face) What you mean? lool am reading it now, O i see i was looking at the wrong day lool
Watched some of my students play today and was very impressed with the attitude, intensity and effort that they play the game with! Proud!
SO wish i was at fall weekend
alexmjokich and please step your tweet game up
About to get tatted
Last man standing. GET everyone else.
Mad I can't even get to a second plate. I get full off of two bites. Nowhere near done
When I leave my bb else where is when it wants to be vibrating non stop
I am pooped. First day of finals.
Macy's Thanksgiving Parade:)
K today will not be a good day well maybe
Almost just cried watching the first hour of New Moon...this is what my life's become SAD lol
S/o 2 Tatorbadd & DriaS... They was doin' what they do in the club!
Sayy whatt I walk out the gym and I see brielle_burkk gots her phone again(:
SLEEEEEEEPY! Campus tours all day and corn maze with my beautiful ZTA sisters tonight! excited :)
I can't stop thinking about how this nap after school will be
My mom thinks that because we're in the apple store she can put an 'i' in front of everything she says
;Going to bed with a smile on my facee. :) Happy!
The Ides of March isn't playing at our theater...
8 days till christmas and i haven't even started my christmas shopping!
Me and my girls where dancing all night long to awesome music. Happiness was all around us.
just made a twitter excited:)
On the way to Hamilton to watch my nephew play hockey!
So tired of doing my hair.
the power needs to come on NOW.
“Pari_Plattapuss: If you up please text me...even those that attend Bloom lmao :) Thankful”
My Dad is in this new phase of talking on the phone only on speaker
I hope I can sleeep
spent 4.5 hours refinancing the house, missed my tee time.
It's kind of a slap in the face when your family doesn't support your dreams. I just want them to believe in me.
imn0tokay haha nearly said something Elish cheesy then
“His_LilMamaLove Sex isn't the only part of a real relationship there is also that little thing callef LOVE”
LittlecBeadles follow me please. I LOVE YOU te amo demaciado <3 *-*
No fortune in my fortune cookie?
in case we didn't need any further confirmation, Neil Warnock is utterly brainless.
All wrapped & ready for Christmas! Now just to get tomorrow out of the eat :-/
I think I just might take this trip to new york with them
all i want to do is listen to christmas music and my headphones keep shorting out
I just enjoyed awesome half of a beef prosperity burger and twister fries! 
Right now I'd rather strangle someone than say hello
ckvist2 the twins are eating salad again.. But not splitting one this time
PLEASE stop with the Tweeting archives already!  I just commented on a 7 month old post just like the spammers do.
Having my own car would truly be beneficial
when someone is obviously mad at you but won't tell you why <<<
started moving my mouse with my left hand so I could eat with my right hand
Not long now and I'll be home for Thanksgiving!!!
I feel like curling up and torturing myself my watching a romantic movie, so I can wish to be the girl in the movie.
jesseeeeee Meanwhile, Cars 2 wasn't that impressive. Very shiny... But no Cars 1.
I cannot wait to eat a lot of food tomorrow. thankful :)
Christmas decorations downtown make me sooo
i want to go hooome
Quick piss during the adverts
Trying to get inspired to rap again. I want to (I really do) but that spark hasn't been there lately
I can't wait for the weekend!
I can't wait to go to school tomorrow just to get away from my dad.
People don't want to see me succeed, but its hard to knock down a person who is covered in blood.
Up and ready 2 start my day!!!
Finally gettn my hair done
Mince pies and a cuppa,
I haven't cried as much as I did last night. I love my mommy. She's amazing & always there.   
Feeling good, no pain, ready to make things happen... Heading out early today, lots to do.Lord give me strength...
His text at 4 : 16 got me all cheered up from this horrid night.
Ready to see these dumb ass people for Black Friday
np  i can't stop. joey and i's morning song!
TVou thanks a million x infinity
nevillelovejoy YES omg it makes everything 3d!!! but i have to wear the 3d glasses outside my normal glasses irritating!!
I'm So Tired But iTook Some Good Pictures Today! (:
T_Raww_10 i meannn ^_^ lmao but it was a whole lot of white people there tho!
The best feeling one can have is the feeling one gets by helping others.....love that feeling!
4 people in the car and all 4 are talking at the same time,
Enjoyed bein round my niece fa 2 days straight
shannon_mcnulty hop off of twitter
Watching the finale episode since I missed it last night. The boys have came so far.
DontYouHateItWhen somebody tells you theyre gonna call you back but they dont
Can't wait for Black Friday !!!
Now my dad bitching to me about yesterday !
To go home for Christmas or not to go home for Christmas?
Why do STVSport /News feel the need to add those annoying videos to the right of their web pages!
Road tripping from Portland to Seattle tomorrow to see rainnwilson and Friends.
FanOfTeamIndia Cheers... Its Yuvi's first tweet reply from iphone :D Yesssss
oooohhhhhh!!!! apparently mr&mrsk have got me goodies for my shop!!!philkiernan excited!!!
justinbieber such a little boy from a small town living his dream, I'll never forget you and  hope you do not
Certain people bother me no matter what they do.
I know its the 1st december but why does tesco have to be so christmasy? Its
Imma Get A Car During Tax Season.!!!!
really tired of seeing the Justin Bieber commercial..
Finally got our xmas tree --____-- Jus wish I was home to help my babies set it up*
That moment when you're trying to sleep and a ladybug lands on your nose.. Annoyed.
Wow West Virginia is trending that's the most exciting thing that ever happened to this state
hate how uncomfortable the tail is on my babygrow when I'm in bed
Is it sad that I actually want to work but dad isn't letting me?
In one of those soft love song moods !
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you want to stop talking to someone so you don't text them back and they text you 2 more times..
Might as well get up since ppl wanna text me early as fuck
Overlooking my disdain for PDA for this male couple canoodling, both in US military fatigues. RIP dadt.
Screw this history portfolio. Nbo one cares about this crap.
Its been a goood daaay
Shouldn't have to wrestle with my brother cause he wants to use my toothbrush cause there's no extras
theREALJacey I can see the snow out of my window but won't get to board until Christmas :-(
AlyssaCallen eats her feelings with donuts
I want to take this time to thank god for Blessing me , an also for me reachin some my goals and the age 20
On my way to go see MarcusDavis11 hoop  
Guna do some present wrapping now so I can put them under the tree! I'm actually really excited about this sad x
Deft need baseball season rn
Everything is going wrong, for the second week in a row. :\
Stop living in the future of money....live today, live now, live happy.
NurseAlicia13 Hey don't be lookin at my man!! Lmao... Remember how I pumped it up before we went now you see for yourself!
__beckybrown on twitter, follow her
Good Luck Football Boys!
I can live without you, but without you I'll be miserable at best.
You have fake face and you always wear it every face my face
I'm so lucky to have a nice, cozy bed to crawl into every night.
i hate when people talk about my life as if they know actually what i do with my time
Disney juste trop exélent a refaire.
Why would you even say that?
sometimes i question my friendship with rubymair worried!
wow its so weird having your parents what to do
J'ai kiffé et c'est tout.
chicken stock simmering away for the night
Great News!...RT FlorianVasile: Our one year anniversary was an explosion of joy in worship to our amazing God.
Happy Thanksgiving to all my American Chums! stuffyourface Enjoy your holiday!
Can anybody admit to, or know somebody who when Big Brother is on ; watches the 24 hour live version including when contestants sleep?
Spending the weekend with my aunt, grandma, uncle and little cousin(:
Bendy_Tendy35 Joner_Boner_23 Rossem_Saucem_9 its okay i didnt eat dinner or anything yett.....
Nail in the foot.
I just got 7 tweets from idk what.
Non_Kaye you've got to blast out busted;D
Actin like it never happened??? Common now. At least address me.
Slowing breaking my Diggy addiction 1 step at a time deleted almost all his pictures, changed my backgrounds, haven't looked him
this could go two different ways.
I just want what u got, and you and you and you. Can you not see that?
People are so fake... When u need them most they arent there for u
The dress looks lovely. But why the flying fcuk did you tag me there?! You think I can wear the thing?
12/12 can't get here any faster
I'm so ready for frichiee 's debut on saturday   Bought a new dress!
If you're gonna start a conversation with me, don't be boring & say something i can't respond to.
HaleyHunt1 Well that just made my day
yay quesadillas are back!!! lol everyone in my class got excited!! :)
Everyone complains that I'm such a bitch but what you don't know is that every person I've let my guard down around has fucked me over
angiecaramel lmfao hahahaha ooooo I'll remember that one lol.Hurt lol
hyman_emily lol (: I'm not mad, I'm sad =[
Watching Tom and Jerry in traffic!
Damnnn.. Hun u want attention that fuckin bad? Smdh
Brung my happy ass to skool n aint got no classes today
First C in college.
Ah the look on jeep drivers faces when u wave to them, then u realize ur not driving ur jeep
To be tested is good. The challenged life may be the best therapist.~Gail Sheehy
Low tire on my mommas car got my side vibrabtin and stuff
Morning ppl, good luck!  
ImportantFactsAboutME spending time with family makes me
Ahh I love Christmas lights
Hands killing me, fingers colored from dye and the cookies still dont taste like grams :(
Looking forward to my week at CarnivalCruise HQ in Miami with adolfo_at_ccl to gets ideas on all things Marketing for the UK.
Thanking him for allowing me to see another day
my biggest sunday fear is the guy not putting enough cream cheese on my bagel at
sooo can't wait to suck the cute lil faces off my liquored up gummy friends!!!
i hate when you like a guy, and then you get over him, and weeks later you find out he liked you too -.-
Lord it is you I hear knocking on the door of my heart for you are my never failing love.
Today I have accidentally dressed like a goth
Sandals1295 that bitch is gonna get it.
Won't let the rain get me down.
“YAZZizROYAL: I was on my phone for a reason ! I'm not learning anything” pay attention yaz u dont even hit me up no more 
momma always there when i need her
nikeplus Why does the Nike+ SportWatch always take nearly 10 mins to find a GPS signal?
So many things to do today
... Wow, it's gonna be a LONG day... Maybe 2 hours of sleep TOTAL last night.... Ugh... Idl what's wrong with me
My only regret in life is not having seanhenrici follow me
Im dead playin footsies wit myself...this has got to end
There are peach trees to be tended to tomorrow morning but none to eat..
on this day in 1989 my most favorite Disney movie was released!! happy 22nd b-day to the little mermaid!!!
At last the taste of mulled wine! Christmas in a glass!
Driving By Footlocker & I See Niggas With Tents In Front Of That Shit Smfh Fuck The Concords
& i just realized today sunday & im off house arrest.
Be A Friend...u never know what that can do for a person.
well the ending to harry potter and the deathly hallows part was really weak
I'm just hanging out at home doing nothing haha can't wait to go to the movies :-)
My phone & my laptop r obviously on the same bullsh!t smh
Wow spike just went off during the main event.
EmelBenAli Belle initiative, drôle, léger, rapide, très beau travail !
CeCePleasants I'll be honest... It kinda hate fucked me when I wasn't paying attention and now I'm in love w/how cute 'n' shit it is.
JenKulifay1 did I win something? Lol
justinbieber  I'm glad to know you, I'm proud to be belieber because I really admire you please follow me :(  depression 16
Stupid shit always happens.
Why is the recipe in ounces & I have grams.. & I need to figure out teaspoons & the conversion between active & instant dry yeast?
New Year's Eve comes out on Friday chickflick excited altaylor22 Thornberryy MorganBailie lizziebent DRaeFillmore maryamandahall
I love u bestest!!!RT OldEndlessLove: Irritated!
Dinner with good old mcknight!!!
making the most of what i've been given:)
10pm on a Saturday and I'm climbing in to bed with tea and magazines.
Girls who act like they like sports to get attention <
Saskatoon for the weekend!
Marriage talks with daddy in the car.
just called my ma & i swear it sounded like her & my daddy were getting along
Don't text me if you're going to be boring
Still in bed with a Cuppa  
everyone's tweeting about hanging out with their friends......and then there's me.
bradradice aww I wish I was there.
jackieyarbro I can't wait to see you eitherrrr!
listening to tswift nonstop
Who just ran 1 mile on the treadmill and did 5 miles on the bike? This girl!
so this is kinda embarrassing i'm following more people than they followed me. Sad.
Mom came homee!
I got the e-mail! Finally things are going just the way I pictured
The smell of the rain is romantic
i hate people that don't text back, but tweet
MomentOfSilas25 always here for you
Even when I mind my own business this still happens
ohhh highschooldrama is just annoying. can't wait to graduate
on thee way too seed kayleighsheep.. excitement.
Naked stretching out in bed with clean sheets
Smh my hair is back to its redish orangish color -_- disappointed :(
Let me study for math a little bit :/
Thank you MightyApe for again a prompt delivery of my parent's Christmas present. All wrapped up and under the tree.
When your mommy makes your favorite food for dinner for you <3 bliss.
drc_ktm Funnnyyyyy. Somebody took my house. It wasn't in Mr. L's room!
finally gettin too eat ! Happy:)
Just cuz I'm a girl in engineering class don't mean I don't know what I am doing.
Betersssss!! Thanks to my mommy :)
slick wish i had sumone to hold me...
Yayayaya loving life but in
When you wish you could drive.. depressing!
The Girl With The Dragon Tatoo comes out today! We def. have to go see that this weekend!!
I really need to get Chem200 and Calc I out of the way disappointed.
Another virginia tech shooting?! Woah!
my poor boyfriend :( i've never seen someone so sick.
Today is going by so slow
Ugh, Ryan just witnessed my bunny nose movements waking up
Deborandum fluffosaur bexfizz let me know what I need to bring etc :) ohhh new friends to be made
This account is only 2 hours old, and i've got 50 followers :D .
Next year I'll pre-assembled gingerbread houses
Love it when I'm watching tv and someone decides to watch videos on the comp louder then the tv...
Arsenal vs. Fulham todayyy :)
Music 21 or Chicago?? Where will we be having fun tomorrow night??
I love my friends and their ways :) #
after all this time it's still you
justinbieber home this Christmas !!!!! love that song <3
cap. morgan spice gols & cola wit dexter
i hope it happens tomorrow ...
- I'm out , call me
Used to.. I could smile when I told people you were mine. Now I can't even smile and say your name at the same time.
Can't wait to see my family tomorrow!
I got your message the first time, and didn't want to text back.. So why do you continue to resend it?
blaaaah! hate it when people think i have to explain myself to them
My cousin is having a pie party after church since we aren't having xtended fan thnxgiving this year! Also they live next to mall
When is everyone gunna grow the fuck up ?!
Damn one nail off...
dnt no how long i can wait
So much time to kill before the Louisville game.
when the little things make you day. happy :)
I'm content with where I am in life....so far . happy=)
Have my boy n girl n have a happy family.. one that can go to the park n swing n have a picnic:  )
Men fighting over bitches
For the first time in 10 years I have a desk that my legs fit under
So today was AWESOME. Chamber sounded beast, 3rd nd 4th period were chill, AND I finally got the nerve to talk to HER in 5th today.
Happy Birthday Sara your 2 years old now (: GannSara
annacatherine_c what a little NUGGET! Seriously, someone's going to have to have a baby...  
So in the past 2 months archetype4 has worked for Ralph Lauren, Tory Burch and is now partying at the Ganesveroot jealous but
With Elvislover1992 soon, gonna maybe watch crazy, stupid, love and maybe make cookies.!
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one. ~ Elbert Hubbard
Just did a cheeky hour at the gym, cross trainer on resistance 85 strength building. Killed me.
late nights with seannny
tim_dunlop reckon u can get a lot of rest without a pesky consciousness getting in the way ;) dead after a life of addiction/arguing
Greatest nap ever in gym.
my mom will be back in like 3 weeks excited !
CameronConklin Well, thanks for letting me know
TWO DAYS TIL BREAKING DAWN
I have no idea what to write for my expository essay
I'm good I didn't
Some days I think im retarted cuz I be wakin up slobbin n droolin runnin 2 da money
Mash Potatoes x Fried Chicken x Fruit Punch!
Christmas is getting so close
When my nifty little debit card comes in I'm buying my husbands Christmas present.
2day is tie day @ my school,yow?? excited ! :]
I don't want a chance to be your girlfriend. I want a chance to be your forever.
Why do i worry so much?
Can you say cheesy?
Don't you worry your pretty little mind people throw rocks at things that shine
My new phone gets here Friday. I've already browsed the android market and found replacements for all my iphone apps.
Guess the vikings are so bad they can't even put them on tv anymore
start driving in 3 months anxious can'twait
Ephesians 6:24 Grace be with all who love our Lord Jesus Christ with love incorruptible.
There's gonna be an Orange Leaf!
Got my thanksgiving outfit
Can't wait till Thursday
So im at the doctoe bout to see what he say.... nervous.
45 degrees and looking for my dog
I feel sad when it says justinbieber does not follow mrsbieber4lyf depressing :( 144
Date night at red lobster with the girlfriend.
The girl side got Just Dance 3 and The boy side got Call of Duty
Siri is my new best friend
GeorgeKWalton i miss you georgie.
I got invited to three parties this weekend and i cant go because i will be out of town! :(
extremely thankful today for those who fought for this unrrreal country
Wish guys knew how to treat girls right
Cant blv tomorrows my bday!
I love my grandpa so much. He is so cute.
Happiness is something you work for, no one hands it out...
TSKBundy : uhu i know x
Our generation just looks for the easy way out of any uncomfortable situation.
I don't care about this bit! Just wanna see jessiejofficial! :D
Portfolio is on its way to Memphis College of Art
flo_tweet You're finally coming to Brazil... and i'm not gonna see you at Summer Soul Festival :'(
Charlie weis is a slob
Ewn050 ben je nog steeds toch ?
Moses invited me to his 17th birthday bash !!! Yeeee !!
Can everybody get the fuck out of my house! I'm trying to sleep. This is an every night routine!
Mayne still no text frum ha....
MammaChong ok ok vodka soda with lemons too...and justinbieber of course alexcrotin! vodka sodas WITH bieber?
Getting my license Friday and driving to school on my own Monday ayeeee!
MY mom and aunt are making enough food to last the rest of the year haha
Omg report cards are tomorrow! yesssss!!
Finna try to do some sculpted nails on myself...
watching extreme cruise ships  
I love the mall around Christmas time
If you're going to text me, dont give me one-worded texts.!!
dam this bitch on my top all night
Tired of needing anyone, why can't I just be a hermit?
jenbethayes is cooking for everyone tonight!
Good relationships don't just happen. They take time, patience and two people who truly want to be together.
i wanna be treated right again... i wanna be in love again
NotSoSlummy and if JL stocks it, soon the rest of the country will have it too, snuggle up and add some cocoa :)
So excited abt the early bday present 4th row ericchurch tickets!! Thanks to a wonderful friend!!! Can't wait till Jan 21st!
That's cool.
Due to 100m/h winds last night, the Ting is off to the local cinema to see Breaking Dawn part 1.
CapLaunchPad is it...Christmas coming early? :) that's
I hate conferences. it's just like a time for your parents and teachers to gang up on you.
mercedessamber awkward moment when you burst out laughing on public transport
_benwillis well you didn't fly here
Where can I get some decent frozen yogurt around here?!
I am so stressed. Really tired, very irritated.. Just wanna lay down and relax
JaybesGirls no because our snow turned into puddles :(
Putting my Xmas tree up without my sisters
Still in kc an have noting to do
Don't know if i wanna b n
Baxter has cat sense
It feels so good to sleep in....that hardly ever happens to me
Day turned out better than planed (:
Jb christmas music playin on da speakers in bio!!
XantheMSM from the jam haha what a fucking joke
baristamatt me too! Going to sign up for another in April.
Blasting Drake and getting Dress then hair dresser after Dance Performance o.O
MY BIRTHDAY IN LIKE A WEEK OMG
Can't Wait To Start School Back Up:) And Get This New Job:) And My Car Is Working:)
Oh dang! mumfordandsons just gave us a big shout out from on stage at the Rose Garden! They got their start playing at our place. ;)
WhenIWasYounger I did proposed one my class mate
Nothing better than a few miles out in this weather. The run felt good, the weather felt great.
jingle bell ball tomorrow :)
I've lost my perfume.
Last Gossip Girl episode of the year tonight! sad :(
raptorsauce I knooow! They won't ever know the joy of having their boyfriends utilize the love handles.
You know Christmas is coming when the Coca Cola advert comes on :)
When my phone butt dills people
Dear God, I'm actually cheering Dr Michael Kelly.........
Being sick and finding out your roommate has mono
JustForYourInformation I'm never trying to contact you again.
RichardTaylor4 LMAO!!! Rich you crack me up..
where is my TJR when i need him ????
AmyChrister does that mean the tree will be up when I get home?
I hate quote accounts. they tweet the same thing the other quote accounts tweet.
Seriously was lane evn on for two minutes. I list a number of pairings that people hate that have zero chem that is on so much more
This is always the same story with Chelsea and Adam!
I just want school to be over
In the past 24 hours me and T have destroyed 2 loaves of tiger bread
dear mom, im not your servant
21 days till Christmas!!!!  
Curled up with a blanket and my sexy date Cabernet Sauvignon, waiting for SNL to start. How are you spending YOUR Saturday night?
HaleyOConnor7 hehehe sowwy;) I'm so excited!
.. Think I'll play a song that I kinda finished writing last night..
Whatever this poison shit is can go away nowww!  
blazingwonderor oh really now ;) haha I wish tomorrow would hurry :)
51% of Americans are married.  Fewer than ever before.  The study is being discussed on NBC now.
learn how to drive.
About to flip..seriously calm your fuckin ass down !
oil of oregeno = cure for everything i am completely amazed
Science fair proposal due tomorrow... im afraid im setting myself up to fail
Tusentakk til MarkusHenriks1 for 190 meldinger på min phone.
EyadAbdellatif miss you today
NIGHT AT THE ROXBURY
No one can change my mind about you :)<3
GUNNS4HIRE how do you Deal with does 360 noscope killcam Hunters in public snd? They are i. Every Lobby.
Now Playing: 40 Tracks of Lokua Kanza.
Love the Sooner fans who are good sports!
BriannaCuiffo41 sunshine and rainbows and unicorns
I can see	that today isn't going to be my most productive, 3yr old refuses to leave me alone, & cold 4 is just starting,
That awesome feeling when you stretch in the morning.
Awww hell Nazir is up.
Gonna tweet everything I'm doing for the next couple days... just to be annoying.
wepples : that sounds about right ...
YouKnowYouInTheGhetto when each kids has there own differnt father but share a room ....
OMW to the Hospital.smh..My Mommy got hit this a.m.(fingers crossed)hope Everythins ok Worried =/
Let alone loved me. depressed.
My house is all decorated and pretty but my parents won't let me have anyone over to see it.
I kinda sorta have the greatest friends in the whole wide world. Put a smile on my face:)
he is everythin i want in a boyfriend !!! Everythin bt iont kno if i am everythin he want in a girlfriend we gotta see
chilln with my godmom
When people share their profile picture every 2 seconds
My mum has just told me that she has set the date for her wedding, that has just turned my week right back around
Nothing worst then a dumb bra
At what age does it become inappropriate to watch The Disney Channel???
Thanks momma for the cig you left on my dresser when cleaning my room.
Somethings just never change.
recording RoleModels because i never seen it before !
Hideout festival and a bit of croatian island hopping ohhhh aiiiiiiiii
my car knows when i'm frustrated. it spits out my mumford&sons cds to further the
AustinMahone be my 100th follower?:)
My Lord is so patient with me.I fail a test when I'm so filled,& beat myself up, yet He has such mercy & never gives up on me :-)
. I Turn 16 In 4Months ^_*
This car alarm has been going off now for 12mins. I'm getting
No makeup, no high heels. Just white tank, jeans and flip flops.
I really want to watch the rest of the game, but I can't stay awake.
When people tweet random shit all the time that no one gets
one more week til semester is finally over ;D
kallentweeting omg where's it gone
I would say its like talking to a wall but.....I literally rather be talking to a wall & I bet get something better out of it
......and now its raining again -______-
Snazzy little convertible sitting outside my house...only 5 days until I can drive it!!
I now realize that I cannot shop w/everybody. Dang how long does it take you to try on a pair of pants
How can someone make u so sad but still u only want them to stay?
Salida top con EL
My mom bought me a cookie
why do you just make me sit here and wonder?
white trash thnxgiving success: beer turkey, bacon chestnut maple syrup brussel sprouts, broccoli sprinkled with cheetos...
She wakin up trippin cuz she think she got an audience...not known I'm the only one here she can stunt for....gemini's make me sick
Getting car Worked on, is like going on blind date..
When them girls cant dance
Green Apple Chapstick is my new obsession.
We might not be dating but ill still move my life around to make you happy
A little effort would be nice
healwithbill True, but when education becomes a battle, there is no winner...
So tired but I gotta take this exam still D:
When you have things to say on the phone, and the other people huffs and puffs
in pe today we done barn dancing.. BARN DANCING!! and then lauren volunteered our group to perform infront of everyone:|
My last text was all of awesome...man my insides are smiling
morgen komt lieve patrick na school energy brengennn
Things have gotten 2 da point where ii dnt wanna go bacc home its been a month n a half n im not bacc.cnt take it dunt hit rocc bottom!
Long day but a good day. Glory be to God. Thank you for the miracle you preformed for me.
My stomach won't let me sleep
Dear perverts, stick to Facebook and MSN. Leave twitter alone. Yours Sincerely No I Don't Want To See Your Balls (':
I love opening my luggage back from Greece and inhaling the lovely cigarette smell that greets me. It's pure time travel!
Every nurse that walks pass looks in here... Annoyed.
Yey! NiallOfficial is going to be interviewed by NRJNorge tomorrow! excited :) xx
Off to buy our new biggggg flat screen.
So im Readin this Paper And it says Over The Past Week there have Been 12 Murders age range 2-56
Seriously close to unfollowing gemmawigmore
Craving my mom's pumpkin roll like no other right about now...
My bicep keeps spasming. So annoying.
Home to the last ever edition of the Sutton Coldfield News. Now even fewer opportunities for rookie reporters to cut their teeth
I am NOT, looking forward to the smell of Chitterling(chitlins) this thanksgiving.
...and I just saw him spit it into an orange juice bottle.
one of times you have all the bestfriends in the world is when you have ( $$$ ] ! that s - hit sad .
Fnna let my phone die...
Hm. I think he's Pride lol
I can't believe I just woke up, now I'll be spending even more time at the lib the rest of the day
Id hate to drive a bug haha it's just
Starting the new years resolution early I guess.
Great end to my weekend
I Swear, My Sister Will Not Stop Farting In Her Sleep
will play football in awhile at British School Manila
I just found out there's only 2 NFL SUNDAYS left, Christmas Eve don't count.
Fuck all of you that have four day weekends. :( Thursday is my only day off.
why don't i go to bu omfg why do i have to be dumb it's so pretty ugh
excited for dinner tonight iBryanDBrown .... he doesn't know he's cooking me dinner
, don't you just hate it when you have something you want to tweet but its over 140 charterers ..
Just surprised by Tar_TarBatiste!! thankful!!
Haven't really been on here for a minute
A 76 on my anthropology exam?! Hell yeah!  That may still be a C, but it's like an A to me.
Next week our winter break begins!!!
My friends are like FAMILY to me!!!!!!
could i just skip my finals and go home? seriously starting to get
This heart to heart I'm having with my big brother...
It's Friday tomorrow! =)) yay!
Hw come wen im super sad my chest or stomak hurt??
Paul McCartney and Stam1na are releasing both new albums in February!
Omg ladies' ensemble patches!!!!!!!!!! AHHH
Damn no car no bud
flynupee trying to get in the hot tub but got kicked out;(;(
Wish I had a peaceful day off...
Going to see the Russian Ballet perform The Nutcracker tonight!
1D_Cody143 WHY lol
spent my Paskuhan with Cardonians ;)
She also keeps telling me about boots like as if she's work there before?!!!
getting blamed for things you didnt even do
She in the bed without me
Writing the best persuasive essay of my life.
cyates23 gets home in less than a hour!
Skype doesn't want me to talk to my wife.
Never did have the patience for vacuuming
I dislike when girls b loud and they got nappy weave..like why would u wanna be noticed
LeezyMontanaO_o WHAT?!?! THAT'S NOT SUPPOSE TO HAPPEN!!!!
The first year I'm actually cooking something for thanksgiving :)
Job interview at a Hospital tomorrow
I can't wait too eat them!!
I love being ASIAN
Wanna mean something to someone
At least the snow didn't settle so I can go home
get your damn face out of here
Gotta get ready to go to SYC. SOOo EXCITED!!! Whoohoo!!!!
Spending the day with the family. I've missed them a ton!
Have you seen your mums name on Facebook ? It's fucking shocking ? paigestuart_96
KlarizaCFan what is your problem.' ? this is my other account duh.' !!
Thanking God for another day
Progress in this group project is being made, yes.
I'm 99% sure you don't need an education what so ever to work at mcdonalds... Or a US citizenship...
Enjoy your life, despite others... everyone deserves to be
LoveableLexi_ ya i'm all good bloody bored at work wiv nothin to do. Look foward to breakin up for xmas
By the way, we're less than 100 people away from 12,000 followers. Our 10k celebration was barely 3 months ago! You guys are AMAZING!!
You mean to tell me i dun sat my big ass up here and wrote a 530 word essay all in pencil.
Velosiite That's what I like to hear!! Me too! Even jayhawk football lol Smh ;) this basketball game is a lil too close though..
just got the freakin cutest video message EVER from lindseyraye. RIGHT after working out, too.
I Really Like Chocolate :) Happy.
Are the couple of mpd getting married? Why have they coordinated clothes?
Smh. Females always degrade themselves.
Lizzie13x hahah yeah and we were the outcasts of the party!
Mrs. Right - Mindless Behavior
So many movies on tv
With outlook my work has also stalled....out comes th kindle...
I'd be lying if I told you that loosing you was something I could handle. Somebody turn the lights on. Tell me what's wrong.
I'm babysitting tonight joy -_-
My teeth are killing me... Can't even drink tea properly! :( On the plus side, holidays after tomorrow... :)
why are people baning at 11:15 at night?! annoying!
I hope everyone has a wonderful Thanksgiving week. I am blessed to have such an amazing family and a wonderful circle of friends.
Dream team captain booked.
Long ass drive back to school..... But Turkey Day break is in a week and i cant wait!
Cookies and creme mousse and having every one here at dance pass me ask me what it is...
Bought my first pair of heels EVER today. I feel so mature! Now I'm gonna be extra tall.
Everything went as planned
Finally, what I wait has come true
titoortiz My 3 yr old pedaled his bike on his own tonight :)
I feel progress on today :-)
I like when i don't see tweets untill like two days later, because i don't have my freaking iphone urrggg.
IDK ! But i dont think ima Be Able to SLEEP . . Ugh !
You have nothing to fear, if you have nothing to hide
Are u ready for some basketball *football announcer voice* lol I sure am
MartinKelly1990 that was jokes! Their answer didn't make sense!
I am in love with the new hair!!
anitabondi DorleeM Multiple hugs to you both!
Fed up with games, lies and those that using them to get over. Tired of the world as I have experienced it and come to know it.
Neeka Salmasi is the definition of a good person and a best friend
Following almost 1000 people and having only half of those people following you embarrassing imnottalkingaboutme lol
Okay we made it! Aint get lost lmfao smh
I Found $20 . :D
everyone keeps tweeting about their grades.. why are mine not posted??
Yupppp. Still bitchy. Don't ask me to help you if you're going to talk to me like I'm stupid.
I just want those i care about most, to believe in me.
Dear Jonny! Stole the show and stole my heart. What a hottie he is!! xfactorau love VOTEFORHIM!
Got us a crib
thatCALi I couldnt ask for a more cool , down to earth bestfriend , I LOOOVVVEEEE UUUUU
Didn't say this yesterday but watching the Miami vs. Dallas game I squealed like a little girl when I saw enrique305 was performing
Definately a below par night
I love my family I really do, but honestly does all this yelling seriously have to happen all day everday during break?
downloaded the new twitter for blackberry & i don't like it
skypingg with my loveee..
Just tell me where this is going, I really really hate guessing.
forbiddenCHARM lmao so fake.....i miss u friend.... I replaced u ..u nt my fav delta no more smh we lost touch lol
omg my bangs are not cooperating with me.
she's a loose girl with no morals ..
I keep looking in the fridge for something to eat even tho I know there's nothing in it
On the 1st of December. I'm breaking out the Christmas CD's, Christmas movies & my Tumblr is going to be full of Christmas pics:)
cant wait to be home shits gonna get rather weird.
I am so SO freaking lucky and blessed to work with and teach some of the most talented and fearless kids.
No one ever choked to death swallowing his
Life is too short, so stop thinking about what should've happened & go be happy.
Just bought the most gorgeous orange bassike shift dress!!
My folks are slow-dancing in the kitchen to Earth Wind & Fire.
Road trippin with family I'm always the target of everyone's humor!!!
Gister was echt gezellig met iedereen 
Sitting next to the wrong group of people at the movie theater..
I hate when people don't hear me out, & just jump to conclusions! annoying!
I weach 12K tweets tonight. Since i'm going to be alone. all night.
Where's the snow?
Whoever my formal date is will have a heck of a dance partner! I've had plenty of practice dancing with that Little Caesars sign!
Why is netflix going so slow tonight?
deepcocoblak that's a good idea I do at times do that but sometimes I just can't think to write sentences... 
DAVID NAIL!!! T Minus 3 hours!!!!
Wish I could see my boy ball out at the shrine bowl....
BowtiqueDubai 's launch is on the 2nd of December  
When you Have Someone Good, you BETTER hold on to Them!
wegonTeLMakeit if I don't see you before you go I'm going too be pissed!
Ughhh My Mama Don't Never Buy The Kinda Food I Like To Eat
amarshall304 is watching breaking dawn by himself
Listen, how do you ask to be loved when your not even ready to give it.... SexpertEvette
I've just finished a home kit face peel
cnt wait til Black Friday !!!
So proud of our church. There has never been more unity and vision since our inception! So many miracles are happening!
Sad Sad Sad... im crying Gosh :( in this moment im
joe_beyer and EPR1C3 please play xbox with me
Another day. Job tonight. POL tomorrow ...
I hate when people dont tell you how they really feel
KPascarelli hahaha I freaking love you I hope this works 
It's so hard to say goodbye to your favorite clothes because they've gotten too small.
Drivers stay off the road from 9:30am to about 11:45am cuz ima be behind the wheel for first time with an instructor
Helping my dad find the deer he just shot. Then i get to help gut it.
hope to have my drum stuff wednesday. ready to
Sometimes I wonder why I even listen to you people. All you do is tell me what I'm doing wrong. Can't you see I'm trying my hardest?
love when class is cancelled:)..its gonna be a great day!
gea_soo_nioce me too cant wait so
Love is the patient telling of another person's worth. A beautiful story written over time: You were deemed more worthy than His life.
alexa_quaranta oh word? I'm
This crack on my phone is getting very
You so called in love wit her bt then u tryna tlk to my cuzzo tho
I'm still wondering who the HE|_|_ is Matt Diggs!!!
nareshbahrain it seems like decision has been made with UP elections in mind, but if this is continued, its ineed
Sorry travy_rob I don't know what's going on!
'Do the words give up mean anything to you?' 'Not a thing'
I think ihave too much
Hate when my eyelashes stick together.
Oh yea that tanning sesh worked last night! My face is turning a slight shade of brown.
Primeiro dia de férias!
Don't bring your three screaming babies into a restaurant if you can't control them
Aye_FANCY thanks ms fancy... Lol
About to see breaking dawn finally
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY MUMMY!!! I'll give her present to her in the morning hehe :)
Can't wait till dinner tonite with itsjuicy_mane jeanzzz_ rampaige_lahve and who ever else
There are 12 hockey games on tonight and I'm locking myself away in my room to study. So many things are wrong with this.
__TheDreamer Well done!!!!!!! :D proud ;) xxx
Didnt no how to eat it
I'm really not sure what people don't understand about Silent Study.. Especially when it's on the wall right by you..
ko24xx cat ladies fo lyfe
xoxo_lov3abl3 they leave Friday am.
My sister knows every single word to tangled!...annoying.
Feeling too good right now!
You know when someone puts up with you for a long time over and over its
Dad,your not coool,shut the fuck up!
BeardedTheo Has 3 players in his starting line-up on bye, & another is IA. He's beating me 80-77 right now. My team is an
These cafes attempting to make  Thanksgiving dinner is only making me miss home more
OMG!! Twitter finally!! >.<...how lost i was..first of all shout out to my tweeple!! wwwbigbaldhead DixonsDolls NormansNymphos LOVE :)
fuck ive got english!
later going to theB_Spot with haleybusbey and Beth Glenn for Shake the City(:
Not gonna be a good day at school at all:/
Just spent some quality time Fauvee
So looking forward to church today!
AnnaDuffy48 you are quoting all of my favorite adtr songs right now.
gonna spend a day with Him today
manlyseaeagles is a proud club that must look forward to a new era. Ultimately the club is bigger than any individual
taylorswift13 happy birthday!!! ps: your dad got you a present from my college's bookstore. surprise! tayloruniversity TaylorU_News
Just found out my Uncle got his long awaited kidney transplant & is doing well so far!
Ugh don't you get it I DON'T CARE. Its always something wit you.
I think its cute when were just laying in bed, blowin, watching TV & having a good ass conversation. Then I fall asleep in your arms.
MrPeterAndre me and my family doing exactly the same!!!!
All I've been hearing today is Dany cry  irritated -.-
Didnt win.. Hopefully next time (: now tanning
westlifemusic your musiq it amazing guyz keep on going,u rock my world..I relly do love your muziqexcited#
Unanticipated perk of being published: old friends finding you thru your book! My old babysitter got in touch!
Oh...the house to myself for a few minutes.
BIGazz_Tweetz I sooooooo wud not have tweeted that
justinbieber Hey Hey I have your attention I just want to say  UnderTheMistletoe is the best cd of the story swag LOVE 32
ArianaGrande hey! when is the Put your hearts up video coming out? EXCITED 38
knmcmaster omg omg omg :)) awesome!! Im definitely going to text you but I'm not going to tell you when, ;)
8 down and one more to go!!! Winter break is almost hereeeee!!
Have a holly jolly christmas its the best time of the year
room mate, y u no kejut me early? every time u try to kejut me I oredi bangun, every time!!!
oooh few more hours:)
Spent my morning watching the david Tennant video diarys
Another great night with the best friend Timothy Jason. :) :) I love the time I get with him. I'm going to be so bored when he leaves
My big sister found me fb! So
ymapsigop Woohoo!!! Thank you Spamy for giving me the item in my wish list! Woohoo!!!
My parents bought me glow-in-the-dark star ceiling stickers from Lidl today! OMGFLGHHH I'm like a child.
That_Gurl_Tania samething I did. It gets RIDIC & RATCHET everytime.
VoiceOf2morrow its the same ones that won't get up in the am for a job.
I don't understand you.
I don't know who were worse, Johnny Evans, or Ferguson's team sheet...
Heavens nooooo, wait its december... now its making me nervous about PMR next year!!!  feeling
..most tweeted word today:
silverlotus_9 if I take it off the ice pack it really starts burning. I'm doing everything 1 handed at the mo. frustrating.
sweetieswan You've never seen it. I see it everytime I piss. Which is quite often. Don't talk to me about
With my nephew trying to put him to bed
Just found my camera charger which has been lost for ages.  Yes! I can now take pics again!
Man I miss the days where I would go home and mom would have food ready on the table.
Aunque ni me peleee
No school tomorrrow! Gymnastics meeet
KayxGee wow you never twit me anymore
I really hate the redwings bruins are still better anyday
Jukebox blasting in the car home whilst drinking a milkybar krushem
markcousinsfilm I read your tweets in my head with your Odyssey accent
Even after I made her shower my little sister still smells...
adamhillscomedy My god, that show will be sorely missed..
We've said it once and we'll say it again....wildcats football is NOT brought to you by ZHP..
Imma punch my pillow till it decides to get comfy!
Got two new Victoria's Secret bras.
I hate when the tracking on a package doesn't work
Dad, stop acting like you know absolutely everything about anything. Obviously you dont.
One tree hill final season this jan 11!!! :( oh no!!!!!!!!!
No need to read yesterdays paper. What's happened has happened and can't be changed. Make today count
I can't wit these projects no more
“Jenna_Marbles: Making my video now. Gettin all weird and freaky by myself in my bedroom. You know what that means...”
It got dark today around 4:30. depressing.
First L of the day
My work is seriously so unorganized. And everyone wants to be the boss.
ArianaGrande I'm so proud of you
mo_dollabills THG trailer tomorrow....get hyped! And then BD on Thursday. Our week is bangin
Tom and Jerry Marathon!
Good morning my luvs... Thankn God for things good and bad for they are the making of us!!
Watching Harry Potter 7 :))
that was realllly complicated & it didn't need to be,
I sometimes wish I'm one of those mother who spoil their kids, no rules, no discipline ! Mesakeen my kids I feel sorry for them !
I HATTEEE traffic..
that voiceyou getwhen your sick
LETS EAT FOREVER.
time for a productive week so i can live it up with my bestie mcole223 this weekend when she comes to visit
Yaay our work is having a christmas party tonight at piccadillys (:
As many times as you wait for me on Airline Cops, you'll never get me.
Duits ging facking goed
darrinsfavoritepranks putting random babies in random houses...surprise!
my mom caught me in the middle of pretending to be a a dramatic diva queen today. she knows me too well, i hate it.
I miss my iPhone soo much.
I wish I was stilll getting my belly button pierced this weekend
YESSSS i got a 91 on my Spanish final!!!
Oh man giving my speech in less than an hour
BrendanGiesick3 You may have beat the 'Perfect Packers', but you couldn't beat every other sorry team you've came up against.
When it hurt's it's real
Damn I miss my pager
nowplaying: Lady Gaga - Marry The Night  
Cant wait for imacelebrity tonight
HaPpy B.Day AmoOn eng_alhamadi
Ugh i dont know how to log off of this twitter app!!!
Ready for work though....I'm thankful for my job..it pays good and I am not working minimum wage... I'm so
I can't wait to see the Christmas tree my roomie got 2mor!!
justinbieber I wish so bad that you could know just how much you mean to me... To all your beliebers SAD :( :(
ThoseThreeWords Unconditionally Unequivocally Irrevocablly
sitting in tutor myself
Lu_Rox not today bro tomorrow :D Rage!!
Good Morning WORLD! It has been an eventful week! And I am THANKFUL!
“TrueSagittarian Sagittarius thinks highly of themselves. Proud”
i know like at lease 4 classes i gotta fucking retake! ugghhh
Not to be concieted but I look so good todaaay. excited.
Four hours of work are seperating me from the weekend and meeting  kellanlutz
Enjoy'd my time in Canada..my boss Raekwon n Trini took care o me..OMW home 2 c da fam
No better Friday night then with my mom,big bro and nephew.
maewp will be there soon!!! I fly in on the 15th of January! We are going to koh Tao and then prachuap and then Bangkok! excited!
This time of year makes me smile. Decorating, drinking and eating.
There's nothing a little laughter doesn't heal!
Drama Free Zone , They Left Their Bs At Home
I don't understand how you can be so low, you're a jerk
Just got a new ukalele
AlexConstancio7 OMG you're at 60k!!!!
My mom is NOT in a very good mood....
We are going to suss out the new Tesco in Cabra at lunchtime...oh the excitement  
csexton11 sicknafadi i wish i could retweet this but twityer is being dumb
Passed my Math Final on the first try.
pinterest why are you soo time consuming?
Yoooo the HELL upset MrMarchand ??? Got me re-reading ALL my past 2 weeks of tweets?
Charlie & the Chocolate Factory.
KikiconceidedG no little hood rat you dont get shit from the stores.you go to the flea market and get wat you can afford ctfu!
wish i had something to do and someone to talk to
Fact is dat these feelins I got for you ain't gne change.....
OMG 3 days Until Classicooooooooo very
it feels soooooo good 2 be off work
i'm here without you, baby, but you're still on my lonely mind. i think about you, baby, and i dream about you all the time.
Shudve stayed in fuckin mississippi
JyotiWGKTA lolest....very good!! My twitter notifyz me 2 dayz later...agh...
christmas decorating with mom
Sorry im late, i got stuck behind some idiot driving the speed limit.
I need music back in my life. Headphones, where are you?
Just bought the cutest heels and a skirt :))
favorite song ever:fearless by taysway
Chuckie_Fresh12 I had to Fav that...it was Critical lol
smaly_cat_meis it really is, this is crazy. People judge to many other people without knowing a thing about them
dee_andalorox09 wah I want a mint hot chocolate!! I don't have any Starbucks close to me either
Penn State is getting wrecked.
Woke up in a good mood I am so upset now my ipad touch screen is senseless & the correction on this bb is driving me crazy
if your going to be a half-assed dad , why be one at all ? annoyed .
LeahSings15 Oh Leah you were so good!
Between home & work it costs $200+/month for Internet access. How much more is access that works?
justinbieber rewinding to watch your commmericals on tv<333
So let me be, i'll set you free...
Life feels good again!
I haven't eaten nutella in like 2 weeks.
Thank god he wakes me up in the morning! (:
But tracey ass never sleeps so i know i have somebody to talk to on nights like this
Thomas, you are an ass. A major ass. GTFO my screen before I slap it. Grr
English 10 with Irwin..
so proud of my __littlestar__ :')
My feet hurt From Standing in line for 4 hours yesterday to meet KhloeKardashian... Me and savannah didn't get to meet her.
c_s_jordan alliot milk hasn't been on par lately.
25 Friggin Days!!! :D
So don't fall in love there's just too much to lose if you're given the choice then I beg you to choose, to walk away walk away
dear shuffle, do you realise you are somehow playing all MY FAV love songs .. :):):):):)
mattjmonty I'm packing and realised I didn't bring a litre bottle of vodka this time:( I was gna get ur dad drunk tonyt dammit! excited xx
y mis padres me obligan a ir a comer con ellos x ahi....   :(
I wanna go home :'(
Not looking foward to this drive to hattie, oh well.
getting forced to play online games...
Thankful for a large group if talented friend and motivators who push me to greatness 2011TMG DeeJayTMo OHeard3 bonywho
P3opLe wHO tlK lyke di$ aLL d@ tym3 deserve a punch in the face.
Kayleigh comes home for the weekend
Can't beat a bit of Cliff Richard on the ipod on a cold Christmas morning
If i dont answer the phone after i hung up on you... Did you not get the hint?
I guess seeing my Bby madee me start bck thinking straight .
I hate when everyone leaves OVU
Its always a nice feeling to find out extra $100 in your bank account that you tought was spent
the best of us can find happiness in misery.
Downloading Star Wars: The Old Republic right now! Excited SWTOR
Signing the papers for my house today
Planning HK - Macau on February with mrygrc_ DanPGJ Rexzy_
Im so in the Christmas spirit!
My mom is worried about me.. love her..
Don't know what I'd do without the people who are in my life.
A Sagittarius &nd Libra =
At the end of next semester I will officially have a Spanish Major and all I need to focus on is my HR classes!
oh gosh i hate those gross eggs in bio... heatherk996 KatBieb1234
NYC to see AustinMahone w. Isabel <3 :D excited (:
Seeing someone you love, happy with someone else... it hurts at first.Then you realize that sometime you will feel that happiness too
I don't run away from you .. I walk slowly n it kills me that u don't care enough to stop me   lonely :'(
THANKFUL FOR HIS AMAZING GRACE!!!!!!!!!
Well that was relatively uneventful
jakemillermusic haha:) thats me and my bestie Haleyt143!! <3
At cheesecake factory wifff daddy(:
My feet are cold.
listening to the rain, drinking hot tea, reading a good book....
The song Rude Boy is bringing back so many memories right now.
I did want to wait four hours to return ONE BOOK
Today is a gd day feels like a new start to my life
All I want is someone to shoot you.
it's been so nice to not have boy problems.
What have i become, my sweetest friend. Everyone i know goes away in the end.
have church in da morning whits goin with me!! happy!
Tennessee bound!!! Goodbye hancevegas!!! EXCITED!!
4 more days til christmas
“jrlicciardell0: omg i need am iphone. i hate what i cant see emojis :( depressing”
My girl zahra finally tweeting!
I could never date someone who smokes cigarettes... eww
Can't check in on foursquare.
All works of art ~ however small ~ are acts of ~
Discovery: Costco is far more bearable verging on civilized at opening hour..
Soooo ready for Christmas break (:
I HATE Christmas music !!!!!!!!!!! FUCK!!!!!!?!?!?!
Life gives us all obstacles to overcome; I am learning how to fight this battle of life and starting to figure it all out
Can't wait for tonightttt!
justinbieber 48 hours till biebs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
saw my sisters haf and steph today :)
Trying to read but I can't focus because my mom and brother decide to talk as loud as they possibly can
Damn he was fine.!! Shoulda checked the shoe game first
1% ....charger sitting right beside me ...
why can hotels not set the beds a little bit appart from the wall? happy listening ;)
My pappy is pickin us up tomorrow,!! = )
Ivalaine so annoying, we found it early and switched from housekeeping to oligreen. Many invalid gene studies out there cause of it
So happy I've finished all my english coursework, now I can actually look forward to christmas!
I have the house to myself. No dogs. No man. Absolutely quiet. I should be doin something productive tho.
I shoulda stayed home
Get well my girl :(
that's not the way it works. you have to do something good first
Fell asleep before 11:11
my hands are numb.
Facebook has literally made me sick tonight why anyone would post Jesus porn just really breaks my heart!
Some people really surprise me...
What an awesome night. RG3 wins the Heisman, Lamar odom to the Mavs, And closing night of Godspell..
My school keeps calling me..should I be ignoring it? Prolly not, but I am-.-
3Days until corianogipson video of him singing is posted :)
Happy Birthday, Beautiful! MissRavenSymone. Have a Great One!
I swear I'm like a magnet to cute but short guys that are always like 5'6 when I'm 5'5! >.<
Last time I checked I was 19 so you can probably stop treating me like I'm 3...
BB service is now back!!!!
thursday nights suck when your trying to do hw and all you hear are people yellling
The less than festive moods of crabby teachers are seriously ridiculous!
Need to get the 2nd and 3rd of January off work for my Christmas surprise from my bf :O .... excited !!!
Thank u sooo much for sending your emails to be first to get my Mixtape.. I appreciate you all soooooooo much!!! <3
BRiiNAB00 - I know I can't wait either :)
I do fusionCPT  because of Jesus!(And because I have girls in my group who happen to be the shiz nizz!)
Gas 9 cent cheaper in tarboro than in Liz
Everyday you wake up is a yes day = a blessed day.
Boy Meets World
Yeahhhh door naar expo on horse met mikke's moonlight
grantusher thinks mark may need to grow a pair embarrassing!
How these people of fearfactor dooo this shit I have no clue
LanceMcAlister amazing, they are getting torched by another THIRD STRING QB!  pathetic sad Bengals
You update your twitter picture every other day but it's the SAME pose different outfit..
I LOVE these type of nights ;]
That feeling in your stomach just before the bass drop.
This isn't fair at all. She gets a chance to get the prize burping half the work
Austin_Desautel you guys are so fucking sad that you cant configure the simplest of words in this game.
Some little kid screaming outside!
Best of Me x hamiltonanthony
I'm so ready for next Friday!
laurenhayfield might have to puree the popcorn friday, in so much pain, but seriously
Shopping, starbucks, and sophia
we can do it!!!!!! JLo needs a little more followers to reach 4 million and she will bring back follow back Fridays!!!! LETSGO !!
Sitting in the dark, thinking, listening to Adele.
jus_shorty2u so I guess I won't be talking such a beauty like u
Ready to go hunting tomorrow!
Dallas TX is under rated!!!
Gonna be the same as yesterday...
Did you never learn how to chew food like a human being? Smh.
people stop posting 30 facebook statuses get twitter
omfg whenever i buy cute new earrings , i ALWAYS lose one of them .
My whole family and I are sitting watching Disney Channel
wang1121 It was rude. I apologize.
onsie on and christmas wrapping! EXCITED!
HAHAHA ANDY CARROLL MISSED A PENALTY. but still they won
Seeing the snow makes it feel so much more like christmas!
Phones dying and don't have my car charger
Just killed a spider and put it in my sisters bed
At my sisters practice and the only voice I hear is hers and her friends...
Just got my ears pierced for the first time! Excited :):)
The snow is finally here!
I feel like my heart is broken
I wish people would figure out how to make the best of a situation. Complaining will only make the people around you annoyed.
I'm cooking Thanksgiving dinner this year!!!!
nows hes singing lollipop
School today..but thank god for the weekend!! tired excited! : )
Harry_Styles peforming what makes you beautiful at schools talent show tomorrow!
lyf can be a pain in the buttt sum times
dSaun25 and you didn't hear my calls text etc. that's not right.
I really looking foward to this weeked excited (:
Aggies football up at half. Makes me
fuck i just wasted my 7,000 tweet.
So ready for the day to be over with
In Montgomery with Super_Sav & MorganSeeleyfor the Jingle Bell 5K!!
There is nothing you love more then spending all ur time with tht special person around the holidays!
These hiccups are driving me insane!!
Ordering the man's wedding band within the next week!!
i'm going to strangle someone at work today
Don't even no y I bother jus to get...
who needs to get a life ? :'(( I DO
KadeoliverJKO can't wait to hit the slopes
oh my god get out of the middle.
I found my joshgroban Noel CD. Now I can relax and enjoy the holiday season.
Ryerson needs to acknowledge my application already.
i hate when my iphones home button doesnt work and i have to keep pressing it
Tired of your bullshit
Having my Christmas tommorow morning before  I head up to Pennsylvania
Teachers will fall if my girl does not win atleast 6 awards
I'm so stupid. So so stupid.
kelcie0496 youre the best girlfriend ever . thank you for everything . happy . (:
up early this am for WORK....
Done with the game playing
Weeds on a cloudy day
you're an embarrassment to yourself and your family
Life can really be a bitch sumtimes then u die!! Lukn lke a gud option rii nw!! Smfh......
A treat tonight in Bromley! VanSusans just played a 65 min set, nearly whole of new album + whole EP
Playing guitar til your fingers hurt..
On the way to Arkansas!
gibbylove69 DonnaCuteface GiGiiCarney Ayyyeee... Can't wait til thanksgiving, family time!!! excited!
Happy Veterans Day! So grateful for past, present, and future soldiers who have put their life on the line for our freedom!
Finally gonna watch Eat. Pray. Love. I'm so
Please stop making out on top of my locker. I'd like to get my books.
morgen weer eens gezellig met mn familie !
Waking up Without a morning text from you hurts
8th graders have more experience than us..... sting_raee
watching Criminal Minds. hellayeah. love.
Had a biopsy this week to test some moles for cancer. Just got the results. No cancer!
allisunnariel So Weird I Was Recently Listening To The Motto Too, But Yolo Is Like Replacing The Word Swag!!
I did not eat after 7 today!
The feeling of being protected and secure
its not possible to be sick and have the worst headache ever
These bitches need to shut up...
Well looks like I wont be seeing my girl on her birthday...
The curse of the red lights on second street: Once you get one, you're stuck with the rest of them
nforsythe2 at least on here we don't have to see LMS every two seconds :).
pamslim Oh sure, right... *you* have a problem with a commitment... <sigh>
Who's ready for stuart burt workshop tomorrow?!!
NP Damien Marley   All Night
Why is it that I can't wake up in the mornings and then I can't fall asleep after class?
TreySongz I think this is a topic needin to be touched on trey please hit me back n tell me wat I need to do to book u for this event
Ok I will braceneck it! I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS ! Stop being do tight ya cunts!
I can tell you I wanna sleep but my heart is with you my sister Be Strong now and let me know when he is in this world
Lilwaynes songs calm my soul..^_^
Mommy got me cute clothes to wear to PekaBooooo & dillangeeyo 's party :)
charr91_x thanku very much sis... It was bangin
Avril lavignes music always gets me pumped up.
My dad has been titled the best coach in Arkansas before! But for 15 years running I have titled him best dad! Love you!
Hollister can rot in hell. If someone gave me $1 everytime I said that... I wouldn't have to go near it
its_deff_stef yess I'm so
Ooooooo I'm tired! might have to test out that 5hour energy....
Super excited to have just found a radio interview with Michael Giacchino, one of my alltime favorite composers
Nothing like an accidental three hour nap to break up the day.
I just got my first spray tan, hope I'm not orange tomorrow
Nieuwe wasmachine has arrived.
Back on the hills. Baguio. Pine trees. Oh my weather! Brrrr...
My dad played college basketball at Maryville College in Tennessee under Belmont coach Rick Byrd.
I need a new boyfriend
Finally got some rest...
If you really love he or she you really wont let them go you may say things dat hurt but you really dont mean it dats jus
My little cuz got a gold ring man 1st place at a tournament
Nowplaying Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way~ Oh, what fun it is to ride, in a one horse open sleigh~
Today is sleep day!
Safe to say I dnt fuck for a meal!
It's finally Friday!
Supreme__Chef lol ppl keep sayin that. None of my friends have clicked the link, so not one pic has reached my newsfeed
At the doctor doing blood tests for 2 hours aaaaahhhhh
iLoveYew567 wat happened?longest time.you can't even tweet me.
Christmas Swag your night with
My alarm clock is clearly jealous of my amazing relationship with my bed:)
Off to bed! :) Need a looooot of energy for tmw! HAHA. :D
French speaking exam tomorrow.... would really help if i could speak french right now!
And now my other song - MargotNuclear As Tall As Cliffs - is on. Larry and I are the only two who realize.
Now Say Yours And Sleep Easy....For Real This Time LOVE :)
His Smile,His Eyes,his shyness,the way he talks to me .... I can go on foreverrr  
your in gym for what 47 minutes no need to be all fucking competive
Can you like..shut the fuck up?
My Spanish teacher just farted & tried to play it off smh hahaha
Actually having a good Monday!!! (:
Looking forward to the 1hour drive home from work so I can sing my lungs out to onedirection
OMG! I just realised I don't understand anything in PRE-CALCULUS!
Y así quien no se enamora...
Mom told me there will be days like this. Great to see the less fourtunate SO happy today and upbeat! Always great to giv bak.
I miss my neo TrickySecretZ. Fun times to be had oin New Years
My sister's grandfather is out of a coma and slowly healing.
Cardo12 surprised me today w a visit and escort to my doc appt =)
Fear Factor is coming back? Why didn't somebody tell me?
BaterTree101 , i'm going to start putting my phone on loud, then calll until I wake upp. I hate missing your phone call
Don't wanna be that girl but I will be, FREAKING OUT that mattshannon022 comes home tomorrow for 32 days
I love how guys hit on me more now that I'm spoken for. Where were you 4 months ago??! Geezus!! But I love my boo! He's the bomba!
uhhhhg! I swear I wanna be mad at him & not talk to him for the rest of the nite but my heart wont let me be mad....
Out of sight, out of mind.
Job hunting with Kelly
Chick knitting in math
Dont roll den qo ta da nail shop ! In hur bout ta qo ta sleep. SAD !
Way to get it done Tigers!
My dads in jail :(
GrayAiko YUS! end of next month ^____^ its the second time we'll see them live
MelMo9 I hate you! When did you leave?
Just Got Finishedd' Mah Verse To One Of My Songs :)  Happy , !
on my way to watch my brothers i played with two years ago play in the state championship.
been to check the sound at Octogan for Skye's party on Saturday, all's good and forgot just how BIG the room is!!
Erika long likes to make fun of my readinG skills depressed:(
This can't get any better
If this cough doesn't go away soon I might just hit someone
SunderlandUK when do the Christmas lights get switched on?
I appreciate the people I have in my life.
It takes seeing somebody completely pathetic to make you realize how much you have going for yourself.
S/O to all my new FOLLOWERS
Anybody remember wat to write for an umlaut on the crossword puzzle?
cant wait to be with the family tomorrow(:
pisses me off when I'm told to do what I already know I have to do!!!!!!!!! annoying!!!
I hate how my phone sends a second message after sending one already..
That's not what I expected would be said.
s/o to my new follower Loyalty_Babii
I have the same scarf as Justin Bieber.
Your HONESTLY setting yourself up for pain
Omg FearFactor givin' me chillzzzzzzzz! Eating live scorpions!!!!
Broke my leg this shit Hurt!!!
The awkward moment when you walk into the wrong room at a hotel (bbm can't watch face)
Reached 100 tweets, I need a 100 followers! Help me out here guys!
the problem with my older stories is that they're written in 3rd person POV. Now all my stories are in 1st person.
can someone please tell me how I have poison ivy on my shoulder?
Last class of the day! excited!
Don't make plans with me and then blow me off
I'd rather eat the cookie dough than make the cookies :)
going to see Paul Qui from topcheftexas in Austin
P the fuck s-Tyga is a stupid fucking rapper name and Make It Nasty is a stupid fucking song
I apologize... But TheThirst is real in me tonight... Phahaha
Me and lisabeee just got done hanging out with our friend Rapunzel and Flynn.
cant wait to get my new phone wednesday
Black Friday fail = work 12-6 :(
toricullen22 bout to unfollow
I HATE cigarette smoke
These cramps are preventing me from sleeping & I really hate it
just bought a snow white outfit for hags' seventeenth party. cannot wait.
A huge Happy Thanksgiving to calderon24, my sister! I love you tons!  
Oh happy day, happy day he washed my sin away.. I'll never be the same
Tried to take a nap put my mom is so fuckin loud
we shouldnt get homework this week that would be
Face pack on, cosy bubble bath, mint tea in one hand and Katy B playing in the background
Buen dia llego el viernes y el finde largo happy!
Just looked back at my tweet & saw a misspelled word!!
i just want to go to bed.
Just hearing your name makes me smile!
My girlfriend gave me a waterballoon which she had painted to look like Sushi Cat
TaraBull22 I know right! So
That moment when you feel your heart just shattered into a million pieces.
Talked to my dad getting my concealed weapons permit over winter break and hopefully my hunting license!
My hubby can work my Damn nervous sometimes......but I love him
My mom is so freaking Annoying.
i dont tweet enough
deactivated the Facebook account..
Melted oreo flavored ice-cream in a spicy pringles pop box drank by Sendis21
JLSOfficial make me proud constantly
Waking up to a snow storm and John mayor playing.. Just like old times C:
Ohh shit tomorro is Thursday. :))
Pretty much every person that I am forced to dance with makes me want to scream profanities...
Vacations & Xmass alone..
Jus wen u call someone and that's how ey respond
When you can't remember the song lyrics or the song name but you know what it sounds like...
Don't tell anyone but I only have 3 Bun B verses on my ipod.
Hate when plans are cancelled last minute
Ffs my head is killing like shut your ugly face.. You're actually so annoying -_-
Special S/O to lplumley64 for being my 200th follower and being a pretty rad cousin too(:
erikaaanicole oh great cantwait. your so
ughh i need to get a car asap
justinbieber you r follow everyoneeee except meeee !! :(
such a longgggg and crazy day, finally time to go to sleep :)
Our back up QB threw for more yards going the wrong way.
I hate trying to tell my parents something and it turns into a life lesson
Taking Back Sunday Pandora
I'm ALWAYS there when you need me no matter what ...but the times I need you the most you're never around SMDH
Weeer thuis nu twilight kijken met mama en lily
GazGShore  Is the deffiniton of beautiful :-)
The hundreds of trips to starbucks paid off. They tipped me 10 dollars on 20 dollars worth of food.
My tummy hurts from that coffee.
I want my big, boyfriend, and friends to come back.
Watchin the casey anthony story...
Who let them make feed the children commercials longer
going to watch tv for the rest of the day
When I asked if my day could get any more stressful it was clearly a rhetorical question not a challenge
I have a license & I still can't drive to school
bekkdavies hahaha, god no bekk such a shit friend you should know by now its punjab! excited!! <3
I picked out my guitar and it has gotten a seal of approval. Can't wait to order it after the holidays.
People who don't Believe in Showers in the morninq .
Can't wait to see all my jersey friends! Ill be there no later than 2
ImOnlyCammy Naw...My real family workin..but the rest ain't
Many Many JAR's of Spaghetti sauce will be collected this weekend BarefootChurch  to reach out in our communities!
The MOST food on my plate right now ...hit the JACKPOOOOT!!!
I have the hiccups in the middle of a silent and they seriously won't go away.
I could barely sleep last nite because I was so
Conference meeting met umcg ging goed btw! Positief tot nu.
Got out the bath now in my pjz..watching movie
My phone is so messed up. It either never delivers a text, or sends it 284849286373 times to the wrong person.
thank yall for retweeting my shit.
Wanting to post a really funny post but you can't because you only 140 characters.....
Couldn't be happier at the moment... Safe to say I'm loving life
francahood I had to pay OH lots attention after that neglected !! Lol :)
I hate waiting outside a professors door during office hours, I've been waiting for 20 mins and someones still in there
The post & shops may have failed me today, but Spotify hasn't - the only place I could find onlymenaloud's new album
Gooodmorningalmost christmas and holiday! happy!:)
Out wit da old and in wit the new,,. tired of the old
DearMiMi_ a boy in striped pjs is just
How wer we best friends? Now that im outside looking in.. You are the biggest tool, faggot, and pussy i have ever seen.
Endless coffee and a bag of rum chocolates.
It seriously bugs me when the glee version of a song is top 10 on iTunes.
I always say 'souly' but apparently it is not a word.
Is it time to disco!!!? My neighbors are playing that song LOUD!!!
Today is a good day.... im loving every minute...
Slumworm I think its just from dust or allergies. I Sneezed like 8 times in a row.
Landon just knocked over a display in the bank and the security guard came & took it from him while I was trying 2 fix it
The men n my life aint shit No need n comin home if im not missed nxt time ima stay & work savage bros got more luv 4 me then blood
Dada dadada da da da da <33
Bout to go get tatted
Have a nice weekend angelamalone
That awkward moment when u try n sneek a pic of someone and the flash goes off.
cheers to having 5th graders in my class
If you're always looking for something more than what you have, you'll never be happy.
My baby cousin head-butted my uncle by accident and gave him a black eye hahaa
Will now prepare my things and see what else do i lack for my Christmas getaway! Yayy! excited! :D
I'm very proud of the ViSalus  Community...just passed 10k orders on 'Buy 1, Give 1' Cookie offer. That's 140k cookies to kids!
Hope everything is ok.  
you bend over backwards for him, but it's impossible to chill with me ever!
I just went on a giant cleaning spree, my other roomie (girl) is entirely incapable of cleaning up after herself in the kitchen
THE SMURFS WERE ON THE THANKSGIVING PARADE & I MISSED IT !
goodjob juniorfresh.. nnow going to see breaking dawn soo
T_wreks ohhhh I like the sound of that
Your Happiness or Your Unhappiness is Your Choice right here right now... period. No Blame Game. Take Responsibility. ~ Lori Moreno
Sooo cant wait for christmas even tho i know pretty much everything im getting...
Called three niggas and no one wants to answer the phone
Awkward moment when you have an itchy eye
Just booked my flight to go back to Italy.....happy :)
Facebook is turning out to be a porn website, I really don't like getting on my computer looking at fat girl naked.
fire burning in the fireplace, pot roast ready for supper, *gorgeous* cab being poured...
Breaking dawn premier tonight!
Got my bb password wrong 8 times I. A row.
The police surely are making THEIR MOTHERS proud.
You're doing the same thing all the guest will be doing how hard can it be……sheesh
Got talked into participating in no shave November.
MLR_official Some People Just Haven't Got That Level Of Respect For There Peers!
Take care is gonna become really over played soon!
Tired of waking up for school!
Not looking forward to going home and watching ESPN and seeing nonstop Pujols coverage
Somethings got to change.
MyKugelhopf: Midnight snack of Faux tartes aux carottes with some magic salt!
Today was a great day. Visited all my favorite teachers, spent it with my bestie k3rr1ann_is and now either swim meet or nap.
Successful Thanksgiving. So happy to have such a wonderful and loving family.
Bout to get some sleep. God has brought me through another day
I hate when people say they'll be somewhere at a specific time and don't show up AND they don't tell you that they'll be late...wtf
Wow. Looking like its over. Too bad we couldn't just
24 hour library session?...
30 mins in counting to see CalvinHarris and rihanna with kerrylangley91 .... excited !!!!
I did my thang with that good ol banana pudding
omg nashama and shaima's downstairs neighbor cannot stop singing!
that mood where every little thing annoys you
SLAMMiN_sammix0 Thanks Sam!  Sorry I didnt see your tweet.  Have a great break!
Pretty sure I have never seen more perfect weather :) I'm never going to want to move back to the US at this rate...
Nigga just got postered.....
Bubble bath, Christmas music, hot chocolate
OH EM GEEEEE!! The new Taylor hair cut is HOT! :3
S/o to Ali_Nagyyy for beating a level on Angry Birds!!!! She is the prettiest girl in the world
Driving with ClineKoop drivers are crazy
This week better go fast! Christmas sooonnnnn :D excited X x
I never have plans on friday nights anymore...
SCOM 2007 R2 computer discovery issues, done everything MS has said and yet it still doesn't detect any machines or devices.
seriously? how much more immature can you get? how old are you, oh yeah you're in highschool, how bout you cut the shit
My Bf jUSt PULLED UP
Home! But missing the artistic style of melbourne. Looking forwrd to sleeping in my bed.
selenagomez  i my sooo sorry I love you SOO MUCH!
The difference between love and sex is that sex relieves tension and love causes it.
avery_beck yay welcome to twitter
Omw to my concert! :D
A good song & a text message from somebody who means something to me can do the same things to start my day
My song book is almost full!! looking at all the songs I wrote back in 2007,not too bad for a 8 year old.
iAmFreshhh23_ lol im not arguin ! lol totally opinionated :-) I feel if it werent for Trey sex references i wldnt like him as much
I feel like this cough medicine is causing me to cough more..
If your going to blast your music for the whole bus to hear sont be playing songs from 2008
stop assuming and get your facts straight. annoying.
my decision is settled. omg,
looking outside + looking at the clock =
Jacket potato, baked beans and cheeeeeeeeeese! :D
This food is teasing me
yes <3 class rings coming next friday
It's the little things that make your day so much better
I'm the only single, below 80 year old in the theatre
I'm getting a debit card today 
Happy bday to my heart HushHeauxFollow!so happy god let my brutha be around for 20 years!long as i got my bro im blessed &
ugh bout to cut my damn phone off for 2 WHOLE day F' everything and everybody right now that aint puttin money in my pocket !
Can't wait to get home to TollyCarr and family. We've been blessed beyond belief.
The Dallas Bills game is U-G-L-Y you aint got no alibi
andd Waka_flaka_gabb , practicing for the coffee house
Aaaaah its Christmas in 10 days!
Not going to lie.
okay I'm happy right now
birthday dinner for my Gpops , big sis , & lil cuzzo . . Happy Birthday Yall !
that really irritates me!
These are the days I wish I could drive
Giving blood in an hour, kinda nervous.
SheeshThtZNEE yes we will  excited :D
I like how on thanksgiving you are suppose to give thanks for the things u have and then u go on black Friday to buy more stuff.
Lol its like everytime i wake up there are more gifts under our tree!
Thursday night on NBC
Come on Arsenal!  We can do it!
zo maar film kijkennn
Can't help but laugh.
let the snowday texts begin
I love my life an everyone in it
Across the Universe soundtrack. Vicodin. Red Bull. Therapy at 3.
i really need to start getting better grades-____-
AND I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT IT IS.... UGH
“jt_polo: teamlittlejohn thickdelta_game _agame10 <<<<----LAMES !!!!”<~~smh! Thought they was about that life!
My birthday's coming up :D excited ^.^
Gonna grab Perkins with a new friend.
Amarranada en mi cama
This kid in front of me that I've never seen before in my senior class is singing straight up.
justinbieber justinbieber I CANT EVEN MEET U , u never came the middle east ! depressed ..,
installing the sub tomorrow
Ready for tonight. Hopefully the Christmas parade with Codyyy :)
yesterday was great..but today was even better..
It's been forever sense someone took me on a date I'm so
dang, the chiefs are looking pretty good today.
these are the moments that make me so happy to be surrounded by amazing people <3
Rage against the machine
MsLauren_Smith YES! How could I forget about Glee.
How do I know when I'm ready for sex?
Plan b , si no le contesssto ;*
lush moment when your phones tells you Harry_Styles has tweeted to other people not you sad :(
goodmorning tweet'ers. hope you have a productive day such as myself :)
About to light my homework on fire
My mom wants to take up everything I own. It's my stuff in the first place.
just 4 minutes to launch my video to Riancosta !!
The truth could get so painful. But it remains the thruth...
Serious study/cleaning mode.
ps lmaolmao at my piccy
bcrispy03 pretty much.. I'm bored.. And loney.. And irritated..
Dinner with the girls tonight
Sad Seein These 14yr Ol Girls Act 22...
Got everything i want frm  h&m, AE, hollister, and forever 21 :)
My parents don't know I'm showin up in about 2 hours. Tryin to reenact my birth as accurately as possible
Every time I turn on sportscenter they're talking about jerry Sandusky or Tim tebow.
She doesn't like you stop trying its
Missing my fam jam in the Philippines
MAN IM SO READY TO GO HOME I MISS MY DAUGHTER
Working on a presentation about Women and Entrepreneurship! Going to speak at the Universität Konstanz on Wednesday.
I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness <3
cooking breakfast to Christmas music
Yes, I still think about you..... But no, I don't want you back
O btw your fats hanging out
Why tell people how I feel and what bothers me when they don't really care anyway.
My phone battery runs down so fast
LeviClose ....I didnt get a mention..
SheenaOssman seriously you JUST graduated.
glee Christmas songs are on the radio!!!! :) Happiness :)
kaype3 the title of your tumblr is one of my favorite songs
Having a great time at DanrevHousePartyLastNight kahit 3am na ko nakadating!! Hehehe
Wish I was home
Awh my senior girls can't leave me <\3
i just remembered we get our last paper back today
TylerRyll What's the plan for tomorrow good sir? Can we grocery shop and LCBO it once us gals get into Ajax?
i hate wen pple ask u wut u doin wen dey standing right in front of u ughh
BlumpKing28 I'm hoping to be back for Xmas....we must meet somewhere to
well.. i can't say dissapointment is a new thing for mee, but it doesnt let this hurt less
Whenever I see girls who intentionally swing their ponytails, I wanna grab it, pull it, and wipe the floor with it.
gonna miss seein these girls everyday!
loveLife_Smile   They're escaping from a painful reality.
They talking bout CCU on ESPN!! Do it US!
Mands_22_ Haha I wish you could have come along, would be good to see you again! I can't believe I'm in full view excited haha
Super stoked my besties back for a couple days! Lifes not the same without him.
now why do not you ever notice me again, man does not keep his basic promises.
Is there's anyone who deserves to be loved!?
starting to walk abit more without my crutches :D:D
Cyber monday shopping = SUCCESS! :D yayy
Final on monday...don't know y am im thinking about it now  o_O
AlexGoodvin6 haha did they really have to announce that...how
Sitting in textiles listening to BBCR1.
sometimes people get sick of being Hurt!
Yeah... that's enough of that.
SlipperyNwet03 Thanks so much for everything!
4 weeks and 3 days until i start college... :x
I couldn't enter the wywh masup competetion, :( because it was saying I needed to upgrade my flash when I already did it :(
nothing worse than feeling like you're annoying someone
babywest_ studying for this business final. Bout to kill it, went from, holy shit.. To hell yeah imma do so good
Why cant you just chill
As exited as I am for Mr_grimshaw 's album he will get loads more fans and it will be harder to get a tweet off him.
I shall shortly be off to BBC Bristol.
Louis_Tomlinson Hiiii Louis! Looking forward to Liverpool? IT'S 25 DAYS WOO AND IM FRONT ROW WOOOO!!
darugarcdpihh8 quit sending me shit about 'free ipads'. Damn.
19thea22 Thnxxx for your pray.....
Get Yuh Drinks Ready!!!!!! HungOver Come Out Party Party!!!! Exciting !!!
Im Thankful For God Whos By Me Through Thick & Thin, My family & friends, The Memories From Those Who Were On & Out Of My Life
Alarm is OFF < ILOVETHIS
Benvenuta Canon EOS 7D!
Eatin at taco mac with pops
No matter how confident you are, you have to have that one stupid mistake that messes up your grade.
Sheldon, my turtle, died
I hate when yu have to turn up the tv cause the show yu watching quite , then the commercial be loud af !
You change girls every week.
Beavis and Butthead creeps me out and makes me laugh at the same time
yesterday was thursday, thrusday. todayisfriday friday! we we we so excited!
Whoever is hackin Taylor's account is a bitchhhhh!
Mittens Romney has lint and dandruff all over his jackets
Actually love my job at man utd get too see coldplay perform tonight at players dinner excited!!
rihanna TalkThatTalk 1 du Top Album Itunes en France
Why do I always get so much homework on my busiest nights
If you didn't want my opinion, you shouldn't have asked for it, dad.
Why do ppl still have their default pic as a egg?
I am so lucky to have the life I live. Their are good and bad times, but this journey is well worth it.
just chillin 35 000 ft in the air
Red roses died, black ones lived, He survived and you did not, He's on earth and you're under it
Jessie j - who you are !
Ghost of christmas present you make me happy and
today was so productive and so fun.
You have never really lived until you have done something for someone who can never repay you.
That's the worst job of the day out of the way  . Diesel tank FULL!
ANSWER THE PHONE WALMART ....
Just want me two classes over with.
Out for justins birthday with most of work!
Love my man. He's so good to me. thankful BrianTochman
Why is there always a forever long wait at doctor's offices? I have things to do today!
Things ain't always what It seems... Meaning just cause it seems bad, it might not be
I. Miss. You. So. Much
Oh wow! That's who that is.
Morning!! Excited for break to start!
I worship Katy Uzzetta :)
Having Clothes && Money.<3 Thankful .
Hair is looking rather pink
im sitting here watching tinkerbell movie- and my kids arent even home hahahaha
My dads side really needs to stop and back up off my dick.
Bout to head to mt. Nebo
I hate when ppl wake me up by beating on the take or desk my head is laying on!
Waking up at 6:30 tomorrow to make breakfast for the homeless in New Brunswick :)
Why do my parents have to be blaring Irish music while im trying to do hw
i def was gone go after her cause our hours go down whne broke ass people wanna steal LOTION!!! lmfao
Woke up on the same cloud I fell asleep on
gotta change guitar strings soon.. its starting to get really
Late night tea time.
dlwnsghek oppa!! You havent sleep?
omg and only 20 more days till
Ep 1 of thecafe wasn't bad! Making me homesick and wanting rock, icecream &a trip to the pier mind!Not seen any donkeys yet!
Not to happy about thanksgiving this year
Man selling sweets asks me to vote 7oreya & 3dala.I ask Y?He said bcuz its the right thing to do & those are God's orders
Best buddies night out!
Even MagicJohnson doesn't believe in the Lakers anymore
Smh now im up...ugggg
Happy Thanksgiving djsizzle69 . I am so thankful to for having you in my life:)
Insurance company's are happy to take your money but not so keen to give it back
My best friend stayed up for a while tonight
All the children are well behaved in Santa's line. He's *right* there & can see them...
Amazing how the slightest thing can piss a person off
I hate being alone in a strangers house at night scary lonely :(
And this black lady behind us keeps smackin on her bubble gum. irritating.
aprove 6°año de las culturales de ingles!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! estoi rr
one christmas present down, SO MANY MORE TO GO
I love my baby so much.. Even thou he slick b trying me
ACozzen yeah, but i mean did you see mine? oh well at least they werent as ugly as others.... saraaaax102 hill_D0g
A year and 8 months to go! :)
I really dislike it when I want to help someone but don't know how...
Why the hell does the marathon get all the roads downtown, no one can get to where they are going
I hate when people woke me up for nuthin.
just found 50 dollars
Loooks like I got the house to myself... again -.-
u will never know how much i love how much i care until i go
ep why is my dad walking in the rain
Shit I'm glad now I aint gtta wake up early fa school for a good month.... oh damn I start school n a month
I got my Race Packet for tomorrow's run for the Pasig River.
I just want to be able to buy whoever my girl is... a large diamond necklace like it isn't a big thing
Tonight tonight there's a party on the rooftop top of the world!!
I heard that your dreams came true...
How come my 30 minute break feels like it only last 5 minutes ?
Knoeber_0 so delicious:] we're have a 2-for-1 sale on them this week at my work! happy (: lol
Why do boys make themselves so hard to shop for?
I hate that bird
It's when You need them than you can realise who are really your friends. You can be disappointed like me now.
Ce week-end avec Margautiste !
“Katiee_Sanders: my bestfriend decided to have a day off today. so boring with our her   lonely”
Love trying to return a book and them being worth nothing
Surgery in a few hours nervous.
Tranding Topic : CantWaitToSee , my babee . Dr. Phil < 3 Boy , Do we gotta watch up or what . ( plans next week )
Isn't it messed up how I'm just dying to be here?
LORD Idris got out that bed in Takers and I slick fainted. thankful lol
Jenny_Valle i just got mad at karen because you guys didnt invite me hurt :(
Finally made it to Galveston! Had to sit through my mom singing 'motivation' but it's all good
My sleeping schedule might be back on track...
stirlynn Apparently you can only re-tweet stuff that was unlocked when it was tweeted.
RelatabIeQuotes happens all too often:(
I need to be BIGGER, and Badder i need to be 3 steps ahead of anyone that could get in my way.
The battery on my iPhone runs out soooo fast
All this time I thought I bought turkey, turns out it was ham.
how are you gonna answer the phone but not answer the phone
Feel like I'm going to have a mental break down because of the basic skills
everyone has their own reason for smoking & i have my own reason for hating it. so stfu & stop trynna get me to smoke. damn.
BCS title game a rematch...
First electrical assessment tomorrow
I'm so bored wish I was at the game with everybody
IGoByTrouble that's just racist! But you should be
Hallmark movies, hot chocolate, warm blankets my kind of night!
Just got my tickets to see the Acrobats tonight in GPAC (:
TheAvenue is knocking up some banging tunes.
If I can pass this Biology final.. I will seriously be the happiest person on the face of the earth! nervous :/
Went with a pink and grey turtle neck on at that! Smh Embarrassing lol
The awkward 30 seconds when trying to tip a tic tac into ur mouth whilst driving, and the whole box pours into ur mouth!
milihancevic jajjaa maaas, es la que tee gustaa
I love watching Fedor Emelianenko fight especially when he was in his prime!!!
Pls what's wrong wit RVP,guys? PLEASE TALK TO ME!
Knowing that someones going christmas shopping for you today
I tweet the things that I don't have the guts to say to you.
10th generation of YKPI IS THE WINNER!!!!!
Missing the states o_0
This bitch HelenAldapeee don't get it -_-
-Why do people tweet what they have already tweeted like 4-6 days ago? -I already seen that shit once why do I gotta see it again
idk wtf to pack!
I couldn't ask for better people to help me through this
When classic fm plays the score to POTC,
Jesse Cardenas didnt know who Led Zeppelin was.. Very. Very.
KhloeKardashian glade to see kort and scott come together after all that!!
I shouldnt be this high this early...yes i should its my last day smokin for a month...
KiaKawaiiLove LOL yeppp me too!
pinkypeaches_21 thanks..have fun on your date tonight..i want to hear all about it
my mom just made cinnamon rolls<3
Amazing to me how some people will treat others to make themselves feel good.
If it wasnt for my dog, I know I would pop extra pills and sleep all day. Im responsible for her and my hubby They keep me going
'Hanging Out, down the Street. The same old thing, that we did last week' That70sShow Love!!
Sta_ven I was feeling special for a minute, now I know I am just one in 70
S/O to ErrBody in EC tho!!! smh and they say Gary aint Shit
Is having a Fhtagn time listening to TMTWNBBFN! blamed4nothing thank you :)
i just really miss _Hannah__Bee_ tonight. it's a problem.
Talking about identical twins in class. I feel so incomplete without risscon present for this discussion. Cant wait for Tuesday!
ChrisJoyaux its official, atleast you'll be by my side
WorkaholicsCC got home from work and almost cried when there wasn't a workaholics recorded on my tv  
This desk at the library has like nothing written on it
np Down Bottom- juvenile, drag-on, swizz beats....
THEOW25 yeah tits in your ass is right
sonnytoiparker it was the most cringeworthy exit - genuinely couldn't look
Ankle sitting in a bucket of ice, may need to get in the oxygen tent! Fingers crossed this is just an impact injury!
my friend got WMYB as her iPhone ringtone ;') so proud happy <3 onedirection
Im in a scarey ass situation right now
Like is my bed that comfortable that this guy won't get up?? Like I need to sleep now!!
Why does InDesign CS5.5 have to be so slow? RAGE!
You never know when the people in your life will leave this earth. Ladies, please repair the broken relationships in your lives.
I always believe that each one of us, have a geeky, nerdy laugh :3
TomTheWanted I'm getting a TW-ish tattoo on Tuesday. Apparently it really hurts where I'm getting it. Wanna wish me luck? Nervous x
just hiked a mountain with the ohe's & Lauren!:)
Joe Hart I hate you! Two points lost unfortunately. frustrating LFC
my laptop is so slow right now
blocked Darius on twitter
Haven't Slept for 12 hours in a long time aaaah  
Jus brought the ticket to go home...
turns out my siblings wna watch harry potter instead of making the vid. with me. :(
25 days till New Orleans & Mexico!
Kinda wish Santa was real
Say what you will about VinceYoung, but I get the feeling hes the only player on this Eagles team who cares about winning right now
life is all about learning new things, experience, and
On the receiving end of an unexpected gesture of kindness tonight. Makes me all weepy.
Hope Gholston is okay!!
And he kills my whole day so easily too. Ahhh
KatyN01 Can't wait to see you
I have seriously lost like ten pairs of panties.
Work 8 till 4 .
Going to take my cap and gown pics today
I hate the dentists office
watching zoey 101 & freaking out cause matthew underwood is on :)
OOmf Just Liked My Truth Is Status On Fb I Really Dont Know What Im Gonna Do
there is so much fucking musical talent in this city, you guys. it's kind of sick.
Mom seriously. Stop yelling at me!
Rumors rumors never ending
TWITTER MOBILE ISNT WORKING D: D: D:
New icon. But idk if it'll show yet.
Just deleted every tweet I tweeted tonight.
Saw subwayfreshbuzz ad for BOGO sandwiches b4 9 am. Stopped for b'fast & lunch. Ad never said it was breakfast sandwiches ONLY.
Today couldn't be a better day.
Females in Minnesota morals are very low....
Halwa with chaey (Tea)
My last time going to therapy for my knee:)
Oops nvm . He is hong fan. She's caucasion. Anyways ............. I'm done tweeting their convo.
5 days until SantCon and 6 days until birthday eeeeeeeeee
Makin my mommy breakfast
I didn't save oomf number again ; I would text him ; but ion kno his number. ! Lol
Hates going t work :( but roll on tonight with some if girls
Getting Baking supplies........beautiful Sunshine day today!
Marindaprice thank u, dont know how I tricked her into sayin' yes - but I aint lettin' her go lol.
Och så var man på väg. Lite nervis men så taggad.
greysonchance Handmade quilt? :D WHOA! awesome! HOTTCNvideo will be awesomer :] Stay tuned -winks-
3 1/2 more hours at work and my  phone is going dead already..
Fuck It I'm Finna Go To Sleep Now. Annoyed :(
justinbieber underthemistletoe is amazing,but the charity is the best part
Will be seeing the Nutcracker in December!!! :D
I just realized how much I like my JMC adviser. He is such a great guy. happy!
Pet hate - when its clearly an important text/mail/bbm and people don't reply :|
pariisjaxn do u have an iPhone 4S??
After breakfast, my family and I are seeing Breaking Dawn.
I woke up as an engaged man and it feels so good - looking forward to a great year with trinaaa3
Heading to bed to read a magazine and have an early night.
My eyebrows are crazy, I can't even stand to look at them
Still fighting this cold.
kiss my fucking ass.
Girls get under my skin way to easily
Anatomy gave us the option to watch a movie or play with a dead cow
Hash tags aren't for Facebook. Seripusly stop it.
caso_de_amor   i know
2week break baby! See this school in 2012 :)) happy .
I just woke up and today is already going by so slow!
ry19an96 we need to talk about this weekend<33(:
I have to teach some of my lesson today.
Get keys for new flat tomorrow !
having sushi and soup at genghix fusion with my mommy. <3
I saw you staring today... it hurt to look back...
absolutely love my family&friends
Ok soooo oomf has successfully put a huge smile on my face
That was so worth getting in trouble for
That one person that flirts with EVERYONE... smh
For the last couple of days I Jus been wanting to cuddle. Idk why.
What your name ? My names storm. Lol what's your name? Bitch I just said it -____-'
welp, looks like its time to hit the gym more
Why isn't my life directed by John Hughes. I bet he would direct it better than I do...
It's officially December and Thursday!
Sick again in the past two months, ugghhh
ITS JUST SUCH A HAPPY THANKSGIVING!!! :) :)
Didn't have any coffee or pop today!
if you don't want to go to practice then don't try out
Mann I hope they release me tomorrow
trying Denny's for the first time.
Winter track is literally my home
I keep thinking today is Friday
coraanne I'd just laced the kicks up to kick the pickle jar's ass too.
My past made me who I am today
2 finals tomorrow :(
idk weather i hate it or love it when i see people that look like my dad....
Dreadin tuesday. I hope I don't make a fool out of myself at the interview and hopefully make it on time
rashidzakat Make the mix! lol It's dope though. I'm loving Tyler the Creator's tracks and all things Little Dragon.
Why do i keep getting stupid spam tweets?
my performance is in 1weeks time..
Cada día me sorprende más el rubio este ! <3 CodySimpson :3 Ay nana
Running on 5 hours of sleep, and have to be at work at 7:30am tomorrow.
Not a fan of all these beeps
When me and __Mr_Novemb3r__  make that finding memo face
Why do I feel like this?
Needed a night like tonight!(;
Things just seem to come together to just fall apart again
Why is nobody ever home when i am ever?
My baby coming home today!!!!!!!!!!!!! ;)
Some girls should not wear tight pants....
Great Morning Ya'll. I slept like a baby last night. Only to wake up to the news about robberies all over! Gah! I hate the news anymore.
Worst thanksgiving ever so far.
oh fack, he gotta girl :(
First session of me getting my foot done over is friday .
Looking up wedding dresses with my sisssyyyy (:
Wondering round town on my own whilst my mums buying me christmas  presents:p
Bitch in my class can't even read!!
alright.. ima do it.. usmnt time to
Can't wait to hit gym after crimbo
My best friends wedding
watching videos of tattoo reactions
Getting my card. So excited !
Sometimes its not okay, and you need to realize that even the strong fall.
About to go chill with Shanelle again
FebySihite Hello!   How are you? Today is my birthday. :) i have 15 years...i'm young. Can you follow me? Thank you Belieber!
No need to read your bio or tweets, the profile pic you took of yourself looking dramatic is all the info I need.
Only an hour practice today! Happy.
Feeling the best I have for around 10 days! :) bacon always works a treat
No offense but, Jenna_Marbles, you need to make some better videos.
My family got me laughing liiiikkkkeeee
Seriously, you don't know me, so stop saying I'm 2faced. You don't even know the story.
MTHarrison1202 Stevens is in your profile picture?
MeighanBassett I'm guessing you either didn't grade my test or I failed really bad nervous failingsucks Sayruhh13
'scuse me while I rise and shine. Gunna be a great week. thankful.
salt and vinegar chips. coke. i'm good
The biggest deceit and lie on this earth is the word 'love'
What a great well deserved day off
Some girls are so emotional!  No one feels sorry for you when you cry over everything.
justinbieber I CANT WAIT FOR THAT! excited! :)
The quality time I spend with my family is priceless. Enjoy every moment because you won't get it back.
Did my double frontflip today
Getting our Christmas tree today! :D
Off work now lets eat and do some visiting!
brandzzz rachelltolles I know I just want the drive to be over with
Sideburns = side of face NOT across you cheek towards your nose!!
Exes are a pain in the ass, really.. get over yourself.
JavierArenas21 tough loss, but you guys fought like crazy! Proud to be a Chiefs fan because if you guys!
Today is gonna be a great day!
I really hate people who hash tag things that aren't trending topics.
Ppls sarcasm is jus gettin under my fuckn skin
When you said we need a break i was thinking a week or two not the rest of my life.
If you looking for it .. You'll never find it . It finds you .. love.
I feel good wen I'm wrapped up in ur arms dancing to a reggae sooong feel good feeeel gooooood  
Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
tell a girl she is beautiful, she will believe it for a second. tell a girl she is ugly, she will believe it for a lifetime.
Sleepover with joni tonight :) excited !!
K so this little 10 year old is about to sit on me on the bus.... I hate packed buses! And I need my damn space!
The whole time u weren't around me you didn't even bother to text n say you mmiss me.
feeling extremely guilty. I AM NOT A FAN OF TAKING SHORT CUTS. I am having all kinds of anxiety now.
you consume my life and you aren't even in it anymore
pissed off. shit day. tbf my days been the fucking worst
immiejimmie I miss insulting you :(
I hate wen i call folks and dey dnt answer!
If my dad shows me how his phone speaks chinese one more time im throeing it out the window. Seriously.
Why would they even atempt to make a mean girls 2
Radio city Christmas spectacular opry  seeing the rockettes!
Just woke up with the cutest girl in the world :)
So let me get this straight.  Lakers get swept in 1st round by Dallas, so we then GIVE them our best all-around player?
i1_2ramble DilliKiSardi main ice cream khaana is also bliss :D
sad that I'm not getting on a flight to go home tomorrow like everyone else! although, bring on this break!
First time Ive had 3G in 3 days!
I always wanted a female to show up at my door wit a fish net outfit wit nun on under it!!
JessBatman People taking naked photos of themselves and covering themselves up with hats.
Failed my test, but passed the driving part..
can't wait till christmas, aaaaaaaaaa
Estoy estrenando computador :D mi niño Dios llegó so fast!! :D
TheLastHatGirl I'm in my room, colouring in. I'm staying in the lines and everything
DIzzard severely gonna smash it up!!! Well annoying
This year hasn't finished yet, but 2012 could actually be the best year with all the plans
I'm dreaming about new bras, is that weird?
I love what GOD is doing in my life, and the lives of those around me!!
My first night since last Saturday without setting the alarm for 6am!!
hxc christmas caroling next friday
Fire shout on Friday night, goood!
[] I already started to pack for home. 1/5 finals done. I cannnnnnnot wait to be home.
People are so bitchy.
I wish casey didnt fall asleep..
Good morning! Less than week to go before the big day & I haven't even written my cards - the few that I send.
Just had my hair done , and now for a sun bed
WHERE IS MY AUTOSELECT FOR TWEETING PEOPLE.
halllllz is spending the night at my house for the first time in foreveeeer
See I'm not the only kicker who falls!! I feel your pain man :(
I got better things to b concerned about
Just watched the video where kevinbathgate3 proposes to me   we were so young and slightly awkward.  memories.
Glad cmcunningham30 hmu last night ... Too bad I was sleep Disappointed :(
youngjim3 106 days down, 40 minutes to go :)
& of course my whole tl sleep 
He supports, everything i do.
BREAKING DAWN PART ONE TOMORROW !!.
On the 29 with some fools solislataaa louie_lastic jshmakin12
This time next week by hook or by crook,I will be at the O2 waiting for duranduran thisistherealJT
This could last forever
Dnt wait 2 c da rest of ma fam.!
Oh boy... here comes the nasty cough...
iamamro Tom_Godell sigh, I haven't talked opera in such a long time.
4 days to go! excited :D
Ready for a relationship
LindseyShaw218 it's my back up plan for school i can go there! if the army screws me over again i atleast can go to Miami!
Love when he waits three hours in the cold for me. love.
Lol smh todaee wus...
Senior citizen night at mcdees.
Sinnerman24 And 6in was just enough to make it look festive..Now?..Disappointed....
THISISMAXONLINE watch your followers increase when looking at that pic
When dentists are all up in your mouth and they ask you questions.
it is 2011 and i still have to wait on my free online shows to buffer.
who cares what kind of phone you got..
She caught his his heart while she caught his nut
getting tired of this shit hollydermody
Random I'm only 20 and I have more drive, grace, intellect,loyalty,wisdom,and maturity thn some 21+
Races this weekendddd.
can't wait till christmas
Dear KaitlynAncell. i got the hash. We are gonna be gone:) Love Manda.
Got my liquor ready for tonight. I can't wait to have some me & him time.
the next thirteen days can't go by soon enough excited :)
Todays been good, got to hang with my big bro & now hangin with my fave Cuzzo ever.
I hate the people that have eggs as their picture and send me spam.
I had a perfect car before I started college, had to sell it for money, now I need a car again and can't find shit.
LisaMcP maggiemuff omg how exciting!! :) best way hunni, to just go with the flow, well I wish you all the luck in the world :)
That feeling you get when you are driving up to a green light you know takes forever and it turns red
Sittin behind some big man's office waitin to interview him,the dude too never dey finish this meetin of his!
Im so glad to have OscarIsWinning as a friend.  even tho he spreads rumors that i like that fag Eminem lol
I have love and I have lost, but I wouldn't change a thing.
Love spending a night in in this disastrous weather!!! A hot cup of strawberry tea, dimmed lights and my delicious-smelling candles bliss !
What's your definition of it, tell me how it makes you feel..
Took 45 minutes to move two exits on the highway wtf
When you call your parents and neither of them answer. -_-
what's with all the french radio stations?....
LakodaRayne CariFletcher hayleyorrantia PaulaAbdul TheXFactorUSA omgsh that video is exactly why i voted 100 times  u guys <3
Just found something out about oomf...
I didn't know people have addictions to kill babies:o
can't wait for the e-mail.. i want this change in my life
I need Columbia. Now.
i hate when people mistake facebook for twitter and update their damn status every second.
Mrs presents came today, happy with the purchase now to purchase more :)
I feel like all i do is studdy
That was such a beautiful song. Thank you, dewarists.
Guess i'll take this goody n pray my head stop throbbing
happy father's day ! my dad is the best!
First time in a long time I'm not even setting an alarm to wake up with.
God has blessed everyone in their own unique way, be thankful. dont sit around staring at other peoples blessing in envy. be thankful.
It's snowing...and, so, my heart freezes too sad ;)
Where would I be without you?
Truly blessed on this thanksgiving!!!!! Chillin with the family at granedma's house
Playing 1 more game of SC2 then going to sleep >.< I hope i dream about her again :) Can't wait for the weekend.
I like it that I have american follower's to (h)
Birthday carrot cake for me at the office today!  :D
if i see another nigga wit my name, and he aint crispy, or cool., i look at him in
So happy that I have a soon to be brother-in-law
What's good? Real Estate is up next.
My babe is getting all pretty for a weekend of fun in Nashville
Can't wait to get this paint off my face.
Actually annoyed at myself for buying it!! Worked so hard past few week!
Have you seen our LargeOutdoorScreen on Ontario St., Kingston? We'll let you know when it's up and running! Excited!
I can't believe I'm liking reggae rock :o
I'm at the doctor's office due to a sore throat. I've been here for 2 hours... Still haven't seen the doctor.
So ready for the night to start
They say that those days are over and i sit here and go crazy! And i wish it never ends, and i wish you keep looking at me
All this phone tag..Facebook tag is starting to annoy me.
Court soon. I really don't want to pay for these tickets -______-
Hoes stupid...they never noticed the real...kmsl she gone be beyond
waking up thinking its saturday.. depressing :(
When I watch TV my roommate just non stop talks about dumb shit.
My tights keep falling down!!!!
DaveRyder8139 ahenderson14 glocky_1985 joey7barton the only decent QPR player i know is trev sinclair
Spending tonight watching 4corners 50 year app on iPad
Sitting here starring at a blank screen on Word. Thoughts please come to me.
That feeling you get when a good friend no longer is your friend...
jennathelen you are way too good at basketball........beastmode i would also like to add that i love texting you in hashtags
me baby is aaannn - bel de dokter op!
Who's buying elevate today? THIS GIRL.
wow im almost at 90 followers! it only took about 3000 tweets.
where is my mother...
Bบka pสket isi razer lychosa
Just heard the garbage truck outside and caught our 70 yo trash hauler in time to give him homemade goodies. Time for more deliveries.
thatmomentwhen you realize it was a bad idea to have your Dr take you off of your happy pills.
Will I be able to escape the vomiting tonight? I sure fucking hope so
Listening to xmas song with laura lavelle and tracycounihan :) excited :D
Good thing when I fell into the wall Friday night my forehead didn't bruise...  That would be
Its tuesday, tuesday gotta get down on tuesdaaay! :D
ggnoir222 n***a that s**t put me down I didn't leave till like 5 dis morn
Better be done with this in time for modernfamily if I am not I.will be sorrowfully
Love is the answer, and you know that for sure; Love is a flower, you've got to let it grow. John Lennon
i cant wait to see him tomorrow <3 excited  :D
youknowyourshortwhen you try to do leg curls but you can't cause your to small for the machine
Diz stupid ass boii is gettin on my last nerves
The awkward moment when you never text someone back yet everyday you get 50 texts saying hey..
Chicago!! Saturday! &Sunday! Woot! JamesMacDonald 's church. Then home to be with the kids Sunday PM at my church!
Ill always appreciate people who stay true to themselves, not let others influence the way they talk & act.
DONT ASK FOR NUN IF U AONT GON GIV IT BACK LOVE TOOMUCHOFANICEGIRL <3 <3 <3 <3
Back to work in 10.5 hours.
Family, friends, job, health and home.
Happy Birthday To My Dad .!.
IAMJHUD you look sooo amazing!
Aiming for the competition team for next year! :)
When Im wit him my girls understand
Things jus have to b so
cmuenzhuber JoeHines08  Thanks for the 30 second visit
Gods mercy is his greatest gift to me
Ni mi mama puede hacerme un favor
That was obviously a catch I guess toe tapping doesn't count
Got a sec? Pray for CommittedBand. We're playing a song for my voice class final.
Drama Popped Off At The Coats for Kids Event? Cum On NA Detroit So RECKLESS!!! But Wats New???
FaithYounggg daily schmaily you know us too well to think that would really happen ereday :)
Of course the first songs I bought off the new pop goes punk we're SWS, ASD, PTV && WIM :)
Its time to go back to school
Sud I de activate my facebook so I can step up my twitter game cuz lol had dis thing almst a year nd dnt evn got 200tweets lol
Why did My Boo by Usher just come on Boosie station?
Thursday I don't care about you, it's Friday I'm in
Myers2332 why are we having like 2 different conversations right now?
AustinBiehl hi. where were you in espanol yesterday. Took a quiz and flipped it over and wrote nothing
Timeflies having the closing song to the big 10 championship game..
Not swimming in mirror lake tonight
I ordered Chinese food at 6. WHERE IS MY CHINEEEESEEE.
Can't wait to open my advent calendar in just 3 days!
Where are you Christmas break? Why can't I find you? sad :(
I have to call my stylist!! I have an awesome idea for my hair over break!!!! Excited ^_^
My dress from Nelly finally arrived!
wow Little 7th grader should NOT be saying stuff like that.
Good day. :) Passed the test, got some baking done, decorating, and movies with the mother.
yelyahwilliams around this time of year, I always have a strange craving to bust out my Paramore Cd's...love :)
Hates not being able to talk to him all the time
Not a happy camper right now
omgomgomg! 9 sleeps 'till christmas:-D!
Gonna be so good tomorrow!!
Tried to beat the revolving door. And lost.
So there's this old couple & the husband opened the car door for his wife and gave her a kiss. :')
justinbieber trying to make my Mum listen to Under The Mistletoe then i look over and she is singing along.
Dis mocha wake up/french vanilla from wawa?
Kind of regret throwing it all away
That really just killed me slightly -_-
and then she be actin' like what i say is worthless . Hurt .
uronmypunchlist yayy i love my scarf more now :)
when someone has a mobile uploads album,but they don't even have a cell,like get your own phone Annoying.
Maybe going christmas shopping tomorrow with brendan and pops :)
I hate that little voicemail symbol on my phone!!!!!!
Niggas only wake up around here if they smell a blunt lmaoo
Going to study at Starbucks by myself
Made it to New Orleans safely. Now time for practice. Get it done. Last practice before the 1st game.
taylormckenna12 i thought that hashtag said sperm. lol
Back to western
“ceoMarkZuck: Common sense has become one of the most uncommon traits you find in people.” true story
I really WANT to cry ...but I'm trying to keep faith that God's got me!
Finally got Pinterest to work for me!!
samantha_wood03 mom made Haley's corn thing YES!
I thought you were different.
oooop never mind I found carrot ginger soup in the fridge
Geneva with my babies RanaShoqom SaraAwartani
One more sleep
He jus blew it badd
Homeboy's being shady.
“BooBysWorld1 God's favor will take you places people said you'd never see.. Thankful”
Is it me or this spectacle before Cain's speech is a tad long? I mean this isn't the Superbowl for F**k sake!
The Sun's so bright yet it still rain. What fucking weather is this? What happened to our old world?
I've been replaced. sad Mark_McGuire25
When I hear Adelle I just want to put my head under the duvet!
Just spent two hours at the mall and bought nothing
I am genuinely so jealous of SCD because they had half of friday and all monday and wednesday off.
I have a redbull in my fridge calling my name. In the morning its mine.
Decorating my Grandad's christmas tree tonight excited &
Can OSU stop doing the White Stripes song now that they know Michigan does it as well.
Winter break!! thegreatest come sooner so I can give the special person her gift!!!!
i mean seriously!!! a week and a half!!!!
natmh I just saw your sis Lizzi3H roadhouse! Made me miss u!
Holly shit I'm so glad I went to DILLONFRANCIS instead of SHM best show in a long time hands down
Off work and the suns still out!!
Cannot wait till December 9th when I can go see me some ZacEfron56 in NewYearsEveFilm CAN'T WAIT! Hsjskjkjfkdkjds
SpencerUnderwoo I would have gotten to see you tonight if cassiejohnson17 didn&39;t have to be home :(
This time tomorrow, I will be at the lake with my family! I love this time of year!
Act like you care, you then drop me like a hot tamali   love..
Breakfast with my favorite!
Rock bottom is so
Hm music school performance tn! Doing a performance with one of my students!<3
ummmm........ we are reading frankenstein now... excited 8-|
HipHop. . .many don't fathom the purpose still sad!
MSiry Yes! :) Glad to see that you're a fan as well. DFA1979 are one of my absolute favorites.
Wtf my brother takes 30 effin minutes in da shower !!!! Da kid dsnt have hair !!!!!!!
Work..forgot my arnold palmer
The music playing at the gym right now is so loud I can't hear my iPod
Just saw the Hunger Game trailer and got chills.
Biggby bond till 530!
I hate when my nipple is itchyannoying!
Trent Richardson is a softy
Running up the stairs to the upper cafeteria = me tripping and falling on the stairs
You Am I and Cold Chisel! Excitement plus!
The tree is up ready for me to decorate tomorrow!
It's 2011 and folks still stuck on color
Did I really miss the tree lighting?
2011 has been a LOOOOONG year! and I´ve learned so much! and grown up alot! now that my rant is done.. sigh
So hyped up on chai
LOVW LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE  LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE
You weren't there when I needed you. And now you aren't here when I need you once again.
what female is happy having four kids by the age of 20 ? thats just SAD !
So happy for my boy nathanblank_ on his enagagement
A very happy and safe Thanksgiving to everyone! I pray that God blesses you all and your families!
6 weeks ago today 11.22 our boy arrived. nicholaslines was amazing I couldn't have done it without him. what treasures I have
I think i love you more than i ever have<3
she is getting on my nerves. shower then bed. irritated.
It's amazing how much it hurts to see you with someone else. depressing.
S/o to the woman behind it all, last but not least DrDawnMuhammad
You get the choice to either fire the missiles or guide 'em.
Some people just irritate me and need to mind their own business
Had a fab night last night :) Shopping this morning, boyfriend bought me a book :D Slso have a play through Skyrim!
1957eddie I'm inside, reading Alexander McCall Smith and eating chocolate, happy!
Slept on a couch.
Off to FCC4me to see DirectorJB  as Scrooge!
I never knew about this movie thing until today
Oomf talk a whole lotta shit through twitter but I bet in real life her ass wont do shit...smh...
Day after day you stop responding to me. screwyou I'm not starting conversations anymore
Is already getting sick of the christmas music and its not even Christmas yet.
Dis da** phone of mines!!... I gotta get a new one
All the times in my life I said I wanted to die, I take them back.
3 more classes, 2 presentations, and 2 finals!! I'm so closeeee
Glad we worked things out
If u reading this, say a quick prayer for me n my problem. I'll so appreciate it... I need all the help that I can get.
Oh yes. Hello beyonce. love.
There's a fly in my room and I can't see it but I can hear it!!!
Friday. Friday. Friday. Friday. Friday. I'll be in AMERICA on Friday.
On my way to ortho ; lets see if i get my braces off
15Drea Let's go into the woods!!!!!!!
raleyhyde hahah i cant text right now cuz i lost my ipod and idk where it is!! grr im sad i lost my baby :(
In hindsight, screen protectors for £3 seem like a great idea.
jeffmoretz1868 oh.  It's begun
II have literally been laying here trying to wake jeremiah up since noon!
Feels good to Move forward in all areas of my life. Thankful.
i hate it when you wake up in the middle of an awesome dream and you try to finish it by going back to sleep but it just wont work...
Working on my how-to speach. Man I stink at this! Don't wanna do bad on the day of.... worried :(
I have the sweetest boyfriend. End of story.
sunnyr86 hope you have a good day off! you slept in for once
wbphoto lcweddings Smashburger is one of those places that you can get a fried egg on a cheeseburger. Makes me
Just finished applying to CalPoly & San Jose State :)
shane_barker You're still getting a pretty good deal. I have to pay all my followers monthly. You don't even want to know the amount.
My boy comes home today! lkasjdfaljsdofiajsranskflkashdflkasnfliajs;lifnaksjflkasjdf;las
There are NO BUSES
falloutkev keep trying and let me know if it works again. If not, could you maybe see if lauren will pop down wth hers and test it?
my lady is coming back to me. happy at home in the burg.
Disney has terrible shows now
MJ_Swagx10 aye she was thru cookin when i got home :)
That moment when you have to text your soccer coach and tell him you can't be at practice tonight..
You are such a flirt.
What's better than having two days off
So amped!!! Lil bro AYE_MAP wants to be on my label. I haven't even started or named the label yet.
My wish for 11-11-11 is that justinbieber is gonna follow me! i hope it's gonna happend! =) than you make my LIFE ! ILOVEYOU PROUD 8
can not wait to buy lots and lots and lots and lots of new clothes tomorrow,
McDonalds sweet tea is amazinggggggg
if your kid cant shutup dont bring them to the movies
I hate when animals die in movies
I can't wait until that moment comes..
my ipod must be in the same mood as me! a lot of songs that make me think of you :)
Back and forth and up and down and around and around.
I'm hell on heels.
I love you boyfriend but damn you can be dumb.
I can't wait for soccer season. We are going to go far this year!!
One word replies
I got That White girl Divorcing Me
Dear Ashley ! Ash_Murch07 -i miss you ! I have seen you since my birthday ! neglected !!
That moment when you remember you made tea AND it still happens to be hot.
R.I.P. John Lennon peace love yokoono
awkwardmomentwhen you walk to your car & try to open the door and realize it's not yours
politial If 12 people can't manage to agree on anything, why do we expect hundreds of people across 2 Legislative Houses too?
Soooooooooo Khloe' will be here in 13 weeks :)
I really can't believe somebody lives the way she does..same donut that was on the floor yesterday is still there smh
I hate when B_Rob33 says: they call me ......
Not a fan of registration
lishaaaadulaney honestly seen bigger, no joke .
Working on a new project. Can't wait to tell you guys what it is!
Why must my bed be so awesome? It makes it that much harder to leave it. :(
Don't know what to do but hopefully today will get better need to to see him and talk to him!
Isn't ironic when you fold a heart in half its a teardrop?
Saw Jesseball14 today. I was supporting the
I for sure just fell down on the bus
Nearly a year after I got it, it's now okay for me to listen to the christmas CD my mum bought me last christmas.
I am losing hope in finding what I am dreaming of!
well done Shona_McMullen for passing your theory,
It took me 2 hours to do a bibliography thank god I didn't have to do the actual summative...
97XNBT in 3 dayssss!!!
YouWasSexyUntil you took off your hat & were half bald...
On a serious note I'm gonna need oomf to stop texting me
I could hang someone to a ceiling fan by their toes right about now..
4MoreDays of School ! Yes
A person in ur position n with ur experience realDonaldTrump should see da reason why BarackObama had 2 do this.
Was able to answer all the questions on The Weakest Link in the first round proud :D
I hope someone has a bomb ass New Years Eve party, excited.
If your in encore...I hope you realize just how much you talk about encore.
makinn an apple pie tomorroww (today?)
32 days to christmas
Ready for a nap!:) gonna be along night breakingdawn excited!!!
Mi primo se ha puesto en el estado de Tuenti la canción de All I Want Is You de Justin.
Car accident number 3 today and I'm still hungover. My parents hate meee
wooooow my computer would like break when I try to make a cd
I hate when my mom takes my laptop
I love my best friends, Booskiii_ & Matthew Thomas. Thanks for being here guys. I really appreciate you two! <3
Trying to teach LaRoccStar how to use her new Mac Book Pro via text.
ShaunPhillips95 you guys are a  sorry ass team!!
My phone says I have texts. Then won't show me who they're from or what they say.
Please Cat, get off of me before I throw you across the room.
God granted my prayers.
Hit the lights was blocked in India, :( now its okay. but selenagomez come to India! wewantselena love <3
My boys left me (Daniel and Hagan) so there for I'm lonely!!!
still unsure if imogencrew  is alive after our disruptived phone call.. with no follow up explanation of what happened
Hoes will fuck your nigga before you
I wouldnt trade my life for anything in the world thankful.
samthespaceman how will we do this !? Can't cope
i got excited when my paycheck was hefty i got unexcited when i remembered how much cars cost
You wanna be where you can see, our troubles are all the same, You wanna be where everybody knows your name. home cheers happiness :)
i got a better test score than peyton whalen..i thought id never see this day! proud 94%
i don't like ice age...any of them...does that make me a bad person??
I wish I was rich sometimes, then I could've been going to see Taylor Swift tomorrow, or could've went tonight. sad :'(
There talking about throwing a tattoo party excited :D
The band were there and everything. Yaaaay!
Should probably start packing to go home
SeuAcervo_Music Cyber hug received... cyber hug coming back to you.
On a mission to make this a sick list
Man whats not to like about thanksgiving!?? I mean theres food, football, family, and my new cheetah uggs haha :) thankful :)
Heading back to KS!
Watching TV w my family is too much fun and brings back quality memories of us all in the living room telling tales of our day
Im in Tyler single with no friends!!!
Guys that you can't depend on
Plus thomasrwatkins as i recall a certain someone never took me on that date!
Tomorrow is Thanksgiving but bc it's not promised I am thankful for being alive
Has been up since 4 am newfie time. sotired. Off to edmonton in the morning! exciting ! :)
The_Ottawa_Sun also it seems you find your only source of entertainment to be picking on students and their twitter opinions
MCIPROBLEMS when bare girls come to watch the ball tourneys to check out white guys
i love my friends
Math final at 10... so
I love how one discussion section fills up and it screws my entire schedule up
hBaRrEpTeTr needs to get a smartphone so I can tweet at him all the time.
I can't get enough of howtomakeitinamerica. I hate that there has only been 16 episodes and that it's between season 1 and 2.
About to walk into the mayors office.
on the way back up to the school
Jasmine Need To Delete That Picture
My mom has the weirdest laugh
Old man at the barber shop turn alcoholic after he catch his wife havin an affair, man was a teacher an now he's doin nuttin wit himself
Some things are just so LAME to me that it becomes ANNOYING...
myweddingsong Is this love -
Listening to my Kai play a song on her flute..
Everything had been changed Through the warmth of your memories Proud of your love
In this city as long as u pretty ur guranteed any open door in Atlanta they dnt care if ur smart or not
Nightmares mean early wake up time
Lmfao! This bitch got a twitter jus to follow ONE dude
Bad day I wanna go home and cuddle in my bed
Should probably use twitter more, but I simply just don't have anything interesting or important to announce to the world
Ohh Gosh, Christmas already on the way.. Can't wait to see my hometown
Damn the Titanic just went off
There should be a option to report Fake titling. Most of the Online News posts have a Fake made up title to get page views.
still in the damn car. I'm tired and I cant get comfortable.
This College English class makes me wanna punch babies.
YoCordova todos los días
I'm not looking for a million things, just that one perfect thing
And then before you know it, he puts the most amazing people in your life that help you through that rough time.
Why is life so damn scary sometimes?
XOashh_ should have stayed with me tonight
Really? You had to spit a loogie in the water fountain
I hate when you have nothing to do and your just wsiting for a certain time
cold weather means snow is coming very soon
Two take home finals and one final tomar at 1230. Damn thats
whhhy can i always get the number one answer on family feud but thats it?
oh my goood :(
bad feeling in my tummy
I miss him! I can't wait 2 him!! =)
I hate loud breathers
souleboyhaouat C'est pas grave, ça veut dire aussi mon anniversaire!
I'm a celebrity tonight!
I remember when advent calendars used to go up to new years day, this one only goes up to Christmas eve
Praying for my sister CaseyMaxton today! She s such a champ and God is so faithful! Pray with me?! Thanks!
“Leon_Backwards: P.E.A.C.E.”  Love x x
EmmaJuvik Prøver og ha den ferdig til fredagen! :D
Can barely remember this whole first date thing
23Ortega lmaoo thats wat my dad said smh
Wishes I could be home to decorate the xmas tree.sad.
On always picks you up drunk. Lmfao just got shit on by a 5th grader. embarrassing !
Goodmorning luvs!!! BLESSED on this Beautiful Monday Morining!! ;)
Lolly_Knickers Are you Ok Lolly?? That tweet didn't have a swear in it... Worried ;) xxx
9 more days till
up missin the person that cares mi G uggg long nite...vampire life
JohnKnappers GM6960 Bontenbal OH YEAH!!! JohnKnappers rules!
This game is too close for comfort
I think pools should have a chatting lane! Had to keep weaving my way past 2 women chatting on floats in centre of my lane!
Jace_44 two words would cheer me up right now!
Annnnnnnnnd another sleepless night. annoyed c_kunks ......
I better not be waiting in tonight!
Just wants to scream! Aaaahhh
Full of His presences & just had church up in my car! Love it! Love Jesus!
Oomf is about to get unfollowed
This gladiator game is so fuckin
Até a mãe tá curtindo e acompanhando X Factor.
Scuzz_4_Posmike haha!!  Fappe  .. oh so funny!!!
Even though I hate Tally and can't stand Tampa I don't want to go back to Tally!
My room use to be next to my mother room. She moved my room allllllll the way on the other side of the house. ;( Lol
Legal moonshine is way less tasty than illegal moonshine.
E_therBoii remember when i tweeted that....
Just bought all my friends their Christmas presents :) happy.
stephmasonn a pink velour zip up and a fleece grey zip up from ae but the ae one is just cause i got it.........................
vanessasansone is taking initiative and taking care of my knee this weekend, and making me a sandwhich love lol
I swear my mom is fucking deaf
Women with anger sentiently worth with effort
TheeCamyon you follow more people then they follow you?
when you beat tetris
random la.doesnt make any sense.stop acting like this
This class is over
If you don't wanna talk just say so, and stop ignoring me.
Hornbuckle just shook my hand.
What is up with people not being able to SHUT UP in the library?
3weeks on sunday till christmas excited!
This Time Of Year I Wish I Was Home In Alabama...
JamesRichardz can't wait
my brother thinks theres 52 states
Good morning :) up ! I can't believe I did it :)
No fucking way did i just read that right. Ryan braun tests positive
Why do parents care if your room isn't clean? They aren't the ones who stay in it.
Omg.. I Miss Gannon ?? ! World gin end ! think I gin hit him Up !  Show
Honestly i think 2012 is gonna be worse than 2011 well atleast in ewing now we gone hear about girls suckin dick in class
i saw a flatscreen tv in a wooden house. i was like 'hey!tv!' omg. its as if i never saw a tv before. embarrassed ><
How don't you see your mom in 3 days and you both live in the same house. I haven't seen my mom but today...I'm looking at her now.
My phones locked up thanks to chris!
You know it's time to go shopping when all that you have to wear with boots is capris...
TM:103 should've been call TB:101 Thug bragging 101.. No motivation to get that money.. Disappointed smh
just logged into my photobucket.... i really thought i was a model in middle school/ high school
baassketballl wit da bruddah and pops (:
good morning on the bike, now its time for a nap and a movie
aww me gusta qk el te happy :D
music class well and have a room to play yur instruments why y'all come to the cafe err
Have ridden my horse WoW he never did it so great!
Headed to Miss Jancye Paine's wedding. Soon to be Mrs. Hortenstine
Can't wait to watch GLEEonSKY later!
Yaw take pride in fucking strangers....smh
double-s night
Im not even at the senior assembly but by seeing all these damn tweets im getting
Nothin like late nights wit the fam
Everything i've ever worked hard for is either critisized or takin away
NFL sucks this year...
It's the day before the day before Christmas eve :D
I can only imagined
HighlightsOf2011 Searching for a prom dress, picking the colour & fabric, going to fittings, & watching as it came to being.
Sunny Sunday, coped up in my room with law books..  Thinking how next Sunday I'll be seeing JColeNC in the evening
lets do this ITS TIME AGAIN TO RAGE !
Half 3 uit ;D 40. Min rooster :)
SHE BETTER NOT FUCKING SHOOT DARYL JESUS FUCKING CHRIST SHE SHOT DARYL STUPID SHITHEAD ANDREA WHAT THE FUCKING FUCK.
wish the tennessee standford game was on earlier too tired tk stay up and watch
Grey's Anantomy, part 1 of the Season 6 finale... tense !!!!
Sitting down to thanksgiving dinner. We remember what we are thankful for and all those who do not have food to eat.
Thanks for following me lilperfekt
SiobhanClinch don't, you might die laughing
Just standing at the bus stop and it starts to snow . . .
bossman gonna have to excuse me today cuz I'm not gonna get shit done for the next 5hrs, goin to HARDWELL tonight wit chong_chris
W A ukee .....5 n 1! Way to go boys. Couldn't ask for more! U guys r awesome! Amazing night for all!
christmas lights in my room!
This drunk ass couple needs to leave so I an go home!
She's single. He's single. They love each other but they have no guts to take first move. So they end up being best friend...
When people take my phone <
TraciLynn4_ one of them is probably my sister -.- smh
done decorating my house it feels like christmas
Lately theres no more Sandeul-Baro SexTweets :/ worried lol
JESUS CHRIST IM GOING TO STAB MYSELF THIS GAME IS SITTING IN MY JACKET AND JOEYS RIGHT THERE AND I JUST WANNA PLAY IT AND UGH
jalehjohnson thoughts like that are how it starts
not 2 , 4 , 5 , but 6 days
Just got my 3rd job!! :)
With the one who means so much to me for tonight
taylormireles I want to see you :/
Today was a good day.
I just wish you would leave me alone.......
I don't mind my dogs sleeping with me as long as they dont lay on my blankets, take up the whole bed, lick me, or lick themselves
Hangin at work before I have to punch back in..BOREDOM! Had fun talking to an old friend on the phone tho :)
justinbieber mg, I love your new music video! Its amazing! And Mistletoe its number one on MTV! So happy for you proud 3
Sleepy time.. Stilly tomorrow for bedlam with ryanday37    ilovemyboyfriend & I am glad he is also my bestfriend :)
harry potter never gets old
TreciePooh right we seen some good fights in our UCA days but nobody got kicked out of school!
Today has been an extremely productive day :)
Actually cannot wait till christmas
SO chuffed to have my first monday morning lie in since the start of september, tomorrow!!
3737ste tweet ging na JorritBaass
Guess who just passed Organic Chemistry? This girl right here!
SafaricomLtd hi, i have credit in my phone.. And when i call, ati i have insuffiecient funds...... Please fix it
someone please take me on a date.
I started coughing in the car an almost died. I couldn't breath then I walk into work and tell my co workers and they just laughed.
“GeriwithaG: LakshmiAvila Sending Hugs and an OFFICIAL HappyThanksgiving to you from the USA” :D happy day!!!
HannahPolshuk  Happiest place on earth
yaaaaaay, new dashboard update....
At ESPN they make it so when I'm going to the bathroom i can still watch a football game.
I haven't told anyone I got my bb back, I'm actually happy with my 3 contacts Loool
Love going to sleep with a smile
Shit you don't say after I'm emotionally drained = what my mom just said.
Gonna go buy my heels :D
people who get mad over the stupidest things
One month tomorrow till christmas!
I didn't think I would miss you...
Why do things have to be so complicated at UTEP!!!!!
I have come a long way.
new orthodontist ass't + too much goop in tray + too long in mouth = patient w/ strong gag reflex croaking like a dying toad
You infuriating little piece of shit
At Sparkman, about to compete!
just found out the best surprise ever! everyone is coming to NY this winter break!
Can't wait for the new season of jersey shore!!!
can't believe I'm 6 months, one week, this pregnancy won't by fast
Our lunch table doing a good deed & returning a lost phone. If only everyone else in the world would do good deeds more often.
hc_allen traffordm16! Made up Kelsey been and bought Xmas card today with her own £'s! To mummy & daddy! Gary is made up!
Gold Coast is holding the 2018 commonwealth games. I bet cambo97 jakethrupp  CodySimpson & jwinno are
Getting a brand new car
...just realized I haven't stepped out of the house in two days...
why does God keep blessing me? Idk but i'm glad he has and i won't question him
Mystical ; Cupid ; Mel Waiters ; GSU Band Was Amazing
Winter Weather ALERT: It is sleeting in Roswell/Alpharetta area!!! This means it's cold up high in the sky and not so cold down here.
boy in the stripped pajamas depressing )':
I miss my daddy wish he cud come home :(
KarenGravanoVh1 can not wait Karen!!! u girls are awesome! excited!
angiejoywright you weren't in your office when I needed you
What are you thankful for?
The feeling u get when ur txtin ur friend  and he goes u wanna come over? And ur all like wat kind of question is tht.
Got my last  driving tomorrow morning, got my license in a little bit more then a month!
the snow better come soon! otherwise i will not be happy.
love this time of year
Lyssha_Martini8 yes yes yes yes yes!!!!! NBA BABAYYYYYYY!!! thankful!!!
Get to see my best friend tonight that's flying in from Sicily!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone, thankful for my wonderful friends and my amazing family. Thank you God for waking me up!
My boo took forever to text me back earlier thank god it wasn't life threatening!!!
Why can't anyone walk on the right side of the hallway today?
5 more days till christmas
Well looks like I won that round
NaomiSareth can't wait beautiful excited xx
Finding comfort in the unseen. So
freaking out! tomorrow can you please be over already...
I just want to cuddle with you.
Hangingout in the old neighborhood
Going to see Christmas lights w the fam(ily) .
Thankful for the many talents that I have ;)
Im excited for the Knights basketball game and our cheer squads to do what try do best!!
HILLARIEG pinkyyfbaby haha i know im just saying when you def. know. get the frick home.
My haters probably mad as shit right now cuz I'm happy :) :p
Late night walk on the beach with the puppy
I think were gonna make it work(:
Fck the bullshit, no boyfriend no stress...and then they wounder why I'm a bitch!
MikeValenti971 Is everyone in this town crazy, listened to the station today.....hill > stafford.....are they fucking kidding me
wish I had friends. sitting alone at indoor waiting to play.
Not In the mood for the fakes!  
I love it when we get outta practice super earlier and then coach takes us to braums and buys us ice cream.
I love when one parent says to do one thing and the other says to do the opposite
New look for my account before New Year! Let me see what I'm going to do..
All of our hard work has paid off - FEEDBACK was a complete success. So many thanks for so many people for helping us make it happen
If we blame God for every tear, why don't we thank Him for every smile?
Like right now lol
Late night editing and Christmas music.
Tonight justinbieber on the X Factor in south america!!
To get a woman's heart a Man must have his own first..
Sam_Well94 how dare you sign off on me :(
Exhausted from those games, 2 more to go and the Monday I'll be on a plane headin' back to Texas
Ready to get my Incredible 2 back
Love when people compliment my hair. 2 today so far
definitely staying on facebook for a while now w the new timeline, just read everything from 09, 10, 11
Apologies turn enemies into friends and crying into laughing
God just threw me the biggest bone ever.
ikehaji not dissing fawn, love that woman, just not her morbid stories
Wasnt in the best of moods today annoyed overtired -_-
I want to say all the swear words ever invented, but I feel that still couldn't describe how I feel about calculus right now.
Me and BAM_100BAMN had to find out the hard way, but we're
That dance battle between the munchkins =D
IM crying cause i didn't want to leave my babies
I'ts sad to think of saying goodbye, but i'ts good to think of all the new beginnings this experience has given us
Get out, or i'll willingly remove you from my space.
Why can't I sleep past 10 anymore
I should be asleep but instead I'm dancing round my room, purchased tickets to Drake with no1DRAKEfan. excited!!!!!!!!
sammaselli13 oh lordddddddd. Is it good or bad????
so theres a helicopter flying around my neighborhood with a spotlight on it...
i bought Dunkin Donuts coffee tonight - I forgot how much better it is than store bought stuff.
I am deffinately forgetting to pack something...... but I don't know what
Tie Your Shoes You Still Trippin Off The Same Shit From Back In The Day!!!
On the contrary to the current TT's, GOD IS GREAT.
Nothing but babies
i hate when the spacebar sticks
I've been getting really good in my art work.
all prepared to give my presentation early so that i don't have to worry about it anymore, then we run out of time in class
I feel sad when it says justinbieber does not follow mrsbieber4lyf depressing :( 167
There's music in the air... New band? New songs? New music? desicion in two hours... CROSS YOUR FINGERS!!!
Why is every guy in this planet a player..
GillyLouPark alicorbett2 Even though we didn't do it last year lol.. Excited xxx
Venetiatrotter too bad that it said 'on mobile web' instead of 'amazing nokia'!! Aha! Have you seen the new house yet?
Awwwwww look at Louis sat all on his own, i know how he feels
My mom is talking to my sisters iPhone looking at dots that are so called ghosts.
I hate when people think I'm stupid .  Obviously I'm not , GENIUS .
My little sister is emotionally unstable..
stfu about last night already. no one cares.
Love being on the phone to you, you always cheer me up:-)
It's kinda sad ever since all my grandparents passed away no one gets together on the holidays on either sides of my family. depressing /:
Fckkkk can't find my English questions D:< now I have to start from the beginning.
I just wanna talk to my boyfriend wah nervous :'((
I love Mrs.Mayhew
Cause I'm officially done wit college.... Took my last exam dis morning n killed it ....
Writing a four hour test on Macbeth today, cross your fingers & wish me luck please!
I wanna get drunk and play twister
First day at the new job
New hair this week.
I want Trent to take the Heisman tonight but I think the animosity of us getting into the NCG will keep that from happening
sitting in the hospital waiting for my grandmother to go into surgery
My boyfriend is too lazy to ask to come over so he's at home right now
You seriously can't play the word Jesus in hanging with friends? I was so pleased with myself for that.
jayredd17 yeah I know. Unfortunately
Overtime all week! CheckPlease  
Haven't seen MMG029
Such a busy night. Just finished homework. Shower them bed.
I been TXTIN Kevin all morning & he ain't got on my nerves one time
iTsJayBoo he knows how to push my buttons I'll tell ya that much.
slowing feeling as if your slipping away from someone
Coulery yeh it does.Tues was a bad day. took me till 3am to cool down. heat up quickly but take forever to cool down
First play off game tonight! Let's go bulldogs :)
Good morning beautiful day..
Gearing up for the Muppets movie with the Donovator.
When people complain about people being 2 faced, but then get mad when your straight up
I'll be seeing PE in about 4days :D
shelbyrayhons also I gotta tell u something shelb dat I think will mayb make you chuckle or u will just think I'm weird hahaha idk
So after thinking...ive come to one conclusion for the way i been feeling
I officially love life and the people in it! Bring on crimbo!!! excited!!!!
I hate when people with a 3.7 and higher always talk about how they're gonna fail or did fail something. Obviously you aren't.
xclusive_lv The countdown has begun excited !
AmericanIdol begins next month! JLo YO_RANDYJACKSON RyanSeacrest
AlyssaManke thanks. Btw your the best texting shield that I've ever had! Haha
Watching Tangled in bed
to British people .. we have accents and it's Unattractive
Just woke up from a nap and im still soo tired :( now i have to stay up all night again to finish this homework
World Aids Day S.E.LeRoux we remember you
I see you read the message.. And you know that. But you still don't reply.. Hmm...
Amit_s_K Hamish_Pillay BacardiKid Perception warped by media leaves one without their own opinion fighting for what is believed true
These bratty school kids always bang on the window then try and ask for our sweets which are for our paying clients.. ANNOYING!
Elderly can be so darn tootin' adorable! :)
definitely going to invest in a pellet gun to take care of these noisy dogs and birds which seem to surround my house.
Woke up and now I can't go back to sleep
I love how interested people are in my last weeks drama.
Breaking dawn<3 finally!:)) with my mom of course:)
danilorum Oh my God, her collection of chunky necklaces? Her Chanel blazers? The heels? She's basically me in 20 years.
My Dad always gives great advice on everything.
I'm really trying with you.. But you make it so freaking hard.
Ever get agitated just from sitting at home for too long?
I really miss my long lost bestfriend k_landreville28.
So excited to be home with my family... Learning to make stuffing and getting ready for turkey day!
but im thankful i got a house to live n and a bed to rest my head.
I hate misinterpreting texts..
Can't wait for the new chipmunk movie to come out..
So sushi isn't completely terrible
Harassment is messed up
Whn ur man leaves u behind bcz of mauning sicknesses it hurts bcz he duznt wanna b da nurse even infront of his fwnds bt he left al0ne
My lady coming through. And I'm just waiting to see her. Excited.
There's a bum sleeping outside of the bar,and my boss isn't here yet.
omg these kids need to leave my house
Arghhhh, seeing hypocrites like you makes me wanna knock your teeth out!
beauty and the beast.
Wake up to breakfast and sportscenter
Going home after almost 5 crazily busy weeks,can't exactly rmmbr when it hpnd last tym..
Where this dude at man I need to smoke everybody pissin me off right now
i hate how when i click for new tweets, out of no where , more comess ! irritating !
Got my heart broken..& its like I cant trust NO nigga now
You make me so happy!!!!
So many good games on today!! Especially basketball
Nikki_BoBo glad you guys made it safely. Can't wait to see you guys  I might wait til Aryah gets out of school excited :D
_holleemarie are you kidding me?!!? i actually thought it was the most awkward movie i've ever seen disappointed  kellyanne_d
«DreadHeadedLeo Good morning!!!!!! Up blessed and thankful...»
keancipriano meron na akong tickets!! see u sa concert mo! yay! :))
The day is here!!! Finna get these classes out of the way! (:
We're running so late & that's so
Get people as excited about your product as you are...
On my way to work at I just managed to pop the zip on my bag!
Not been out drinking in 3 weeks, feels alot longer.
QuipLogic :O oh my gosh! Your kidding!? Yahooooooooooooooooooo nohomo, just excited.
Did get a 78 on social studies but I got a 86 on math and that's the first 80 I've gotten all year in math
Chanel 4 why was u blinding me with lights so I couldn't see professorgreen
Today is gonna be a good day!! Going out to lunch then shopping!!
Right peeps i'm off, got my sister's ice skating show to go to
I hate when people ask me a question that obviously has a reason but won't say why
I've noticed that I forgot a lot of my past that I regretted
morgen avond met de meisjesss
When everyone around you has a beard and is from a small town.
Getting pumped  this Thursday Night Football game tonight
Right now theres only two people i reallyyyyyyy dont like so if your initials arnet HF or CB donttt worry i consider you my friend<3
Sooooooo nervous. On Wednesday one girl in my play dropped out, I have to memorize all her lines. The play is today.
ready for tonight to come, bowmen coming over and its going to be a great night. becuase he is a great guy. :)
Honestly thought my nite wld have gone so much differently but surprisingly not too disappointed. Life's getting better everyday!
Already ready to goooo.
My Boyfriend iS Special Too Me In So Many Wayss...Idk Wat It Is...
My parents got married on Valentines day
camsantosss hahaha, right i'm gonna leave in a min, i miss my phone.
YAH!! My twubby thekingoffame graduated from navy bootcamp today!! Proud!
i love when my boyfriend is out hunting and doesn't text me.
If your going to keep coughing like that move. I don't want to get sick.
ThingsIHate when girls change the subject every 2 seconds
Morning all! We're off to the CIPRNORTHWEST pridenw awards tonight! Who else is coming??
BecDanShow coming to α computer screen near you. Filming for our first film starts soon! Look out for us on youtube wen its done! Excited!
Christmas break in 2 days!!!! Ahhhh
Like u really run yo tongue across them mufuckas.....
Found out today we're the only school that has to go next week..
just tripped up the stairs embarrassed butnoonesaw.....
hate getting my hopes up
who tha hell is HOT CHELLE RAE therealwhizkahlifa or miguel should of def won
watching super 8 :D happy favorite Joel_Courtney
Why does my phone constantly have 7% battery?
honestly if he doesnt get he shit together this relationship is gunna last very long
Listened to u are nt alone cuz I was to laZy to change to song
BearGrylls submitted our application to bring our explorer scouts to the survival w/e u are visiting in Northern Ireland in may.
A huge pallet of full box's just got delivered, the temptation to build a fort is taking over.
Watching Jimmy V's speech is VeryInspirational I'm so thankful for what I have. I love everyone who has played a role in my life
Hearing people thank him for serving proud militaryman >>>>
Prayer night was pretty much awesome. Glad I have so many people that will always be there for me
It feel so good to know that a social network is way more important than me.
O shit wtf did the bears just do !?
can't believe cp3 went to the lakers.
All of that sleep was well needed.
I'm not sure what my life has come to when I wake up with a Mariah Carey song stuck in my head
You know whats annoying when people lay their head on MY desk. You have your own fucking desk use that!
Clean from a shower. Gotta love that feeling! bliss (:
mrsnataliez cro195 justinbieber needs to get to bed yes! Kmt bout christmas album
Guys, I think you should all Tweet hollee9 a congratulations for getting served without ID last night.
Patrick is totally singing andygrammer in the shower
Coffeeeeee with my girl Aliissalicious
That moment of desperation when u wanna blow up somones phone..
just got take care
there are some guys that just don't get that message that YOU ARE NOT INTERESTED !!!
-- Mele ain't got no friends to talk too
Of course it would start pouring when I get out of class...
MaryKayCabot like you articles and tweets but why does same tweet show up over and over and over and over!
Cannnt wait for christmas!!
waiting on my mommy . . (;
El amor de los Dos... mueve el sol y las estrellas
Literally every phone that is out right now, is an iPhone....EXCEPT mine :(
nickyfranchise that's not right! I start my weekend mornings listening to The Franchise's insanity...  thefranchiseca amandacstein
Remi_Whitelock quality ain't it ! Looking what he wants for next year
“iiiCaramel_ Back to school in Jan. Excited!!!!”
raggedtag WHAT!! I do not regard Arindam Bhagat Arnab Mallya and Digvijay as low standards!
Going to see all the Estonian sweethearts soon soon! Buzzzzzzzzzzin!!
Never will I understand the point of waiting in line for Santa for forty minutes
I just love writing a novel to my bffle Sarah :) she's the best to vent to!
EmilyJoy95 sounds good to me. I don't have a date lonely.
F U C K Love ! : )
IAm_RUTHLESS_20 oh, yeah I forgot to reply.
I've been over thinking tonight and this book is putting me in a bad mood. Not sleeping till it and the assignment are finished!
Hmm the place I usually get my tree from doesn't exist anymore... :(
Andrewjostsick I was just going to say that this guy here has to be going off the wall with basketball getting it together
Everything good comes to me when im trying to sleep!
not only am i looking forward to being home, i'm even excited about the BUS ride.
Remembering what you wanted to do hours later and once you remember its too late
If ur guy pauses the video game 4 u
how people can be so fucking stupid and have sex without a condom is beyond my belief like what the fuck is wrong with you.
My momma smackin' that gum
C'est désormais officiel : je suis licencié de Yellow Media.
The sweetest thing I've ever known
Yesterday is the first and last time I'm coming to bible study da hecl
I'm just eating for no reason just cuz its hella food here lmao sad!
Just had a gloriajeans Had to rinse my mouth with the toilet bowl to get rid of the taste
CheriDouglas ServantDujmovJr I plan on it. So many poor and neglected kids around the world and within our America!
I swear ppl these days have no taste in good music
females do anything to get noticed
What a relaxing day
Ninomusic mis de tijd in LSD bro
I wanna go back to where jawn,fam,nutass,and all my other slang makes sense
That hurts.
Amazing wedding for two wonderful people.
Did I really just do that?
Nah 8 matches.. WTF.. That's a fuckin joke rage!!
Nice to spend thanksgiving with more then one family but still
Happy birthday to LittlecBeadles I love you and hope you have an amazing birthdayy!!!
Nothing goes on my days off
2 more hours left of Office Depot for the rest of my life
Speegio justmeiiwii girls night in, you'll love it, we'll gossip and do eachothers nails n tell ghost stories.
i thot jls and one direction were utter shit on x factor tonight
Shoutout to LishaLynRu682 doe!!bn holdin me down since way back back in the dae!
funniestthing. When GingerTel bells me and before he even says a word to me he's cracking up laughing about something. Loool
JakeTheBear well I have duracell ones now that came w the mega pack of AA batteries we bought from sams.
mila_kay How long are you in Btown for?! BECCABOO_ did you already peace out?
I'M HOME! I'm home I'm home! :) Christmas may begin now :)
These ladies sitting next to me are getting on my nerves!!! They are talking so loud and sitting right next to each other!!!
Next stop: the cityyy woopwoop!
4-8 is such an awkward shift!
FrancisOG thats not right at all
soo, how the girls gone feel when the guy dont ask them out on 11-11-11?
Frozen chicken fried rice is just a let down.
Sociology essay...has to be all quotes...
Happy Thanksgiving! To the military defending our country- a big HUGE thank you.To my friends and family- you've made me who I am
my mom says the more queer things about me on her facebook
Boombabeh_xD damn that's pretty
...watChinqq tv by myself.. lonely :/
People that play with my hair >>>
I was touched by an angel, but i didn't know so I didn't look back. disappointed nathanhoggard
went to michaels daycare and did an art project with him and watching him write his name by himself.
Done exams, home for Christmas time
This ACT might be the death of me! Gotta make a good score! nervous!
Just saw a fat black lady with a full mustache
My mum watching jusus so sad n so scary its so sad that U can cry
Very poor showing of support for the NMU Football team by the
jriich  ditching for my team
Trying To Go Back To Sleep After A Telemarketer Wakes You Up -__-
When you keep asking me the same question over ad over and I keep saying I don't know STOP FUCKING ASKING ME!
brickhousefit You rock! Did you jog? walk? I walk/jogged about 5 miles yesterday UPHILL and I'm so freaking sore. But it feels good!
Just like you then?
fizzer18 Tim_Cahill What do we need to do boys, to get 3 points from a game against a team which was there for the taking?
Dear whistler scenesters. Talking like spiccoli ( if your old enough to know that movie) or a drop out stoner, does not make you cool.
I really want to hit like 10 people in the face right now
Tha awkward moment when you see someone you know and don't say hi but you want to ..
That moment when you just did your nails and the bump into something then they mess up _i
The best cartoons play during class hours.. nw road runner+ Tom and Jerry! happy :)
they say keep your friends close and your enemies closer. the problem today is, you can never tell them apart.
hearing my sister belt out what makes you beautiful downstairs proud :')
ICOMEQUICKLY ConservaSnark evidently much too quickly
Well there goes the value of my Todd Haley autograph.
Praying for everyone of my followers, but saying a special prayer of comfort and strength for oomf in the loss of her mother
The very ones that you are so sure will be there for you.....WON'T!!!
LolRT Bertwg97: sadfactaboutme when I was eight I made YouTube videos of me reviewing toys.
So Disney 365 just came on and I was super excited but it wasn't even ours...
Can't fight how much I love.
Prob gon do a cover tonight
The one time we get out early and I don't have any of my other work with me
wrapping up all my Christmas presents has made me feel all excited!
Welp, the daughter left to go with other side of the fam! So
Red light camera ticket arrived in the mail.
UCLA has its own zip code
I hate controlling a conversation when the person texted me first
TC3_Swag_n_Gold thanks for replying to my text .....
Walking home during the first snow fall
iPhone 4s announced and available in India on 25 Nov from Aircel per their facebook page.India launch usually coincides with SA excitement!
hey CWat08 remember that one time your phone went off in class?
An incredible GOD deserves incredible praise!
My B~DAY will be here in a couple of hours
I wish there wasn't just one person who makes me dread coming home irritated.
Enjoying my rainy bday with my mom n sis. Excited.
This movie is sooooo sad,
The count down has officially begun! 19 days til Christmas, 17 days til I see Landon, 16 days til we leave, and 13 days til packing!
ignore that last tweet please. that was my inner excited 8th grade girl coming out..
Graduated people that SUCK BIG TIME at spelling...
MobileSupport Cannot log in to MS or upload pics! Twitter on iPhone will not accept password!
Get us to next sunday
If youre afraid of everyone leaving you, what do you do? You leave first, so you dont have to watch them walk away.
EmilyPalmeri I know right, talking to all my friends...which really just means Flori
StfuLarryTweetn Awp yu went there
My day did not turn out as expected. :(
Hacking isn't cool -____-
Weekend... Go to Slipi-kongkow-watching Breaking Dawn- ngeseafood...
Yeah buddiee!!! I win!!! Got all my songs and apps back on my itouch (:
So an afternoon nap was a terrible idea as I'm wide awake still at 3am and getting up in 4.5hours for uni!
I have on cute sock slipper on,..... but i can't find the other depressing Anagabyyyyyy
appreciate any new followers
Listening to my football pregame list
I'm going to marry a nurse some day! There's something about a woman in scrubs.
1027KIISFM im pretty sure I would've won Jingle Ball tickets earlier, but I missed the call.
i need the vacuum cleaner...they need to hurry up and open that office
You know when you just can't find that high harmony gokrmeuikwtukmhoinltr annoying!
When you barely sleep, finally sleep and its not very good.. because you're thinking of how close you were to having it.
Was not able to answer a question on Oracle... that's ridiculous....!!! Sad :((
Assuming shit will always get your feelings hurt!!
lol , have you ever heard of fake ?
Thank you god for moving try outs to wensday. I need as much practice as I get.
somf are playin on twitter bout there beef!
goldfrapp singing ardently about the power of cultish mindbending religion in a church tonight equals a perfect moment. Happiness :)
I like sleep too.
max_gappa Come to Kansas. We got plenty of white.
people who commit animal cruelty can seriously just go die.
Always a good year when you are ending it with all your family
Her_RisqueFemme was the first to tell me happy turkey day!....proly cuz I woke up next to her!
cries everytime I see a st jude commercial. so blessed to be a part of such a wonderful organization & philanthropy.
Ice cream and Taylor Swift.
early morning run, then off for a long car drive back to south bend!
Holy shit I love the family I nanny, birthday presents :)
How does some apologize for not responding then does the same thing
All these people complain about losing their bf/gf when I can't even get one so stop your complaining be me for one year then tell me
Sat down to watch Olivertwist on c4+1 to find out its not the original
I hate that I can't sit still ...
Long day of packing stuff up. Down to just clothes. Flying to Chitown tomorrow morning to start the career.
panamaL0VE oh that wasn't for me?
All i want for Christmas is a retweet off justinbieber, and congratulations on you're perfume being the best of the year! swag proud 7
Haaaate stupid ads on YouTube.
Never eatin those premade chicken from the supermarket again
As you Embrace a new suitor, carefully assess the situation.
I need to stop thinking about you, because I know you're not thinking about me...  LOVE </3
Don't make plans with people if your going to constantly bail... It's just inconsiderate....
boom_itsTNT colemarie25 brennnditaa br_brie I got put at the end of the tweet love -_-
Wearing Melanie's shoes
LaurenCox08 nikimianni Same!!! I've been without email on my phone for a couple days.
2 day work week!!
Can't believe it's only 6 days till Christmas!
fall more and more in love with edsheeran every time I hear his voice, genuinely is the definition of perfection
listening to the Harry Potter Soundtracks
Arrrgh why cant i logout of Facebook chat on my iPad.
ones my minds made up theres no changing it, even if i wish i could.
forreal repetitive black guy watching a football game is the most obnoxious thing ever ..
My entertainment is watching Mr. Nellis on youtube.
My rest of my gear came today. Im officially on business!
nolanstheman yeah bro. Why didnt u just wait another second?!
Playing NCAA football 11 because madden 11 broke....
I have a crush on my waiter
I swear when im in a relationship it don't last a yr
“BrandonMaclin: iamgclay Are we at the same church??? Cause the same thing is happening here.. LOL!! ijustdontgetit” <--must be
Today I'm going to wrap the gifts for my family
MariaAcamargo16 Pues Si Mermaid Estabas Super
Tryin to make something work that just ain't there
friend reunion tomorrow well tonight!! excited!
Ma mom said she got some good for xmas if i got good grades
Thank God For Helping Me Wake Up And Realize Dese Niggas Really Ain't Shit...
Bola_Brown bad influence that guy lol all gd cuz, as long as u make a full recovery dats da main thing :) so ah is Bruce comin? sad hahaha
justinbieber you're incredible:) I will always be there for you! Thank you for all the love to us:) can't wait for Believe:) PROUD <3 10
Youtube is my learn-a-new-hairstyle-haven :)
Shopping and lunch with mama.
cnyoungg wahhh I'm so sad now I might come to milly this weekend so I'll let you know
I really hate looking at my phone and nothing is there!
Saw ddlovato on the Latin Grammys! Amazing performance and she looked stunning!!!
Just thinking, maybe, you'll be nice & actually text me first for once
I hate that just a few small things can ruin my mood
Tomorrow is December and it means 25 more days until Christmas! So
Feels Good to win!
I just saw a garbage truck drive half way down the street...backwards?  Idk what they're doing but I'm a little
Ubc needs to stop calling me asking for donations... They should be donating to me.
jinri_88 im so excited for the laser tag event on saturday.,. Go Go Go jintomia  im part of it so excited!.
He text me!! :3  happy!
«i_love_kiki92 “BasicHoesH8tMe You cnt help who you Love”»
Boat that rocked is so much better on DVD - when it's not broken up my adverts and news! Yes, I'm looking at you ITV!!
God is too good to me!! Yall he woke me up this morning, I'm alive, I'm breathing, my family is safe, and I get to EAT
- Watched a whole cricket match
rochi_ig Felicidades por el clip !! Estuviste genial en los de Susana G ... Esperamos verlos pronto por Espña! Peace & Love & Laugh =)
thingsyoushouldntdo use facebook as your twitter.
Sandwich arrives with wrong sauce.
...i wanted some pancakes and got some YAYY
i might be over reacting but i jus dont get it
3.15am already. Why aren't I asleep?! Okay, this is really
Kendall's Sweet 16 in one hour! excited KendallJenner
on my to go get my belly pierced! :)
if i could have one thing for xmas it would be Mike_Stud in a box with a bow
Damn it cowboys! Lost the game! Goig to bed!
I'm not running away from you. I am walking away slowly, and inside it's killing me that you don't love me enough to stop me.
My day just got soo much better thanks to CameronAllStar hahah ;D definitelyyy going to your show on January 29th! blessed excited <3
Off to chester tonight with my uni girls
Public restrooms are really disgusting.
I just want to snuggle.
Ditching me for that 60 dollar game and the ones you already have not cool
I honestly hate when girls are unfaithful in relationships... Didn't ur mother teach u anything?
Hey man? Your fuking awesome! Lol jk your a Fkn dick.
Dumb1eWh0re OH WOW! I contributed to this!
Just by thinking of how awesome God is can put a big smile on my face already :)
wheniwaslittle i wasnt potty trained and peed all the time but never told anybody!
The Runnin' Rams looked like they'd rather walk today.
Watching The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 2011 on the flat screen with a bag of chips
Starting my Christmas shopping this afternoon
Wanna know my christmas present so bad!
Good morning everyone... Happy Thanksgiving to all,,enjoy your day Be
Pizzone+Mt Dew Code Red+looking at Christmas lights+ Trendylikea_ =best night ever  
omg cat you better stop meowing before i kick you
My sister is the BIGGEST brat I've ever met in my life.
asiljb Hello!   How are you? Today is my birthday. :) i have 15 years...i'm young. Can you follow me? Thank you Belieber! Love <3
Alex_Howell2 Okayy, can't wait to hear about it! Lol.
Very disappointed/sad about HIMYM today.
When people take things too personal
R.I.P to all the people who lost their loves ones in Detroit. There is a murder story every time I turn on the news.
I fuqkin hate waiting on ppl Frustrated!!!!
shikarahowes can't find that follower link
JulesRisk63 sayithowit_is isn't it haha I don't give a fuck but someone has gone to such effort - I'm worth thier time
Hate how my phone is always dead by the end of the day annoying.
About to START filming part 1 of 4 for the realgirl music video with casciafilms
A little sprinkling of snow on cars is not my idea of a proper snow fall.
Let the shakes commence. Hey Mister Disney, here I am.
Headin back to sm with big bro.
onedirection 1D1MILLION :) FOLLOW ME ?! supporting you from the start ! Can't believe your on 1million thats crazy!!!!! proud :)
I can't be single any longer!
this day needs to hurry up
The feeling of desperation when you are hungry but dont like whats in the fridge -_-
I just got ask to be in a student ambassador program!
Thebestalbumever is everything by Skrillex  & MCRofficial ; they are my
Oh how I've missed tanning
Ah hometime... Now let's have some famo time! Dang been a while... :/ today's been a good day though :)
PhilipGarcz u lost the ed hardy belt!!
Srsly sia!!Sims taking one fucking day to update!!Still haven't finished!!
Chris Johnson finally gets over 100yds
After I be spending all day with him , I still be missing him .!
Leaving work early today getting my hair done for the patriots game :)
Behold another low quality tweet from JordankHerr
Just left ItszCool23 house, me and my baby had fun lolsz
SHANSOFRESH_ I agree nothing wrong with mine either
Looking forward to a busy week for team LIMS bodysoulcharity; ukyouth HUVawards, WAD2011 and gowerst_HIV...
Knicks greatest rivalries games on MSG.
i must say twitter in school is the highlight of my day ...
Still gne copp her sum fr xmas nd her bday
If I were a makeup artist I would be more than happy to participate in a Look Good... Feel Better program. Such a beautiful thing =')
Can't believe i just moved out of blacksburg.
Decemberkraslot gekregen van mama en 20 euro gewonnenn  
Feel so sick... I'd give anything to have you to fall asleep with tonight.
I'm up and dressed like I got somewhere to be...
Funny how I used to tweet about Silicon Valley startups. Now that I joined one, there's no time for Twitter?!? sad land_edge
My big fat gypsy christmas
Well my whole work sang me happy birthday in front of a ton of people, gave me a cupcake, and announced it to the whole store.
Ending my night with some pizza and a Corona.
VINNYGUADAGNINO has the best tweets!!!
not really sure what im smiling about
when my room smells like a peach game
Im the happiest ive been in a while
that awkward moment when you call someone by the wrong name
My inspiration box keeps popping up in the middle of my screen every time I zone.  What's up with that?
In 1 month, illll be 18 happytweet dec21 excited!
92 on my nursing final
Chocalate milk in the morning (Y) <3
She said she baq to ha hoe days and dat was da u i was tryn change
Christmas music seems inappropriate when it's about 70 degrees outside. But I'm playing it anyway.
Starting not to like late nights
lilollieg sending my cheque of tomorow excited xx
Can't get a damn thing done. In 2 seconds im out! annoyed.
havin a rough day! sad*
Up Mi Damn Stomach Hurts..! Irritated..!
he makin my stomach nerves...hope ii dnt gotta shxt wen he on his way ova
..and I can hear him wrapping presents!!
Freshman and varsity basketball games tonight (:
hate being on hold on the phone like WTH i wanna nap
Who cares you do that?  You know just to hurt people!  So it will never be useless for me to have compassion on you
how the fuck have i lost my psychology book
bkgoesHAM I know! It's kodies little brothers
keannalazaro I am in the kitchen slaving over the stove making food for you and I find out your going to  McDonalds!!!!
cant wait to get this day done with so i can see my man ghazenfield !!!
4 more hours till the airport!
for once i can say that im just simply
Almost 2000km from LV to see mybrandonboyd & guys from IncubusBand on stage... and the concert is canceled!!! If Not Now,When?  :(
How does it take some people 30 minutes to get advised? Make up your mind and
Just a pet peev of mine. Pay no attention.
SamUmoselllla daniellapintoo gianamortellite Omg it's starting!
everyones christmas presents sorted bar Rayray2310 & kirstiedobbin
MzSaDe_ thanx!! I need some new kicks what's poppin!! Lmao just kidding!! Hope all is well beautiful!
Love how we go from friends to bestfriends to bestfriends that fight a lot to this now.
Callux Pay me $345,405,403.98 And ill give you a blow job too
Robot_Dave I have an exercise bike in my room.
last day of tryouts tomorrow
sexfact Say no to ass to mouth.
All i can say is...<3
Never say goodbye if yew still wana try,Never give up when yew feel yew can go on.......
ive fallen in love with roxyanne
I was going to tweet something but I texted it instead
Aww the fair lmae there like 3 good rides
natasha121 Hmm that doesn't sound very Cali like to me :(
i should really sleep, but im watching KKTNY :)
12 more days til 18
“Pink_Scorpian THESE GA BITCHEZ AIN'T GOT SHIT ON MY DMV HUNNIES   HOMESICK”
ThisIsLafferty please this Hanoukkah tonight, the best gift I could ever have is a tweet from you, please can I have just a tweet ?
Omgosh I get ma report card in like 20 mins.
after a fun day shopping for the masquerade ball tomorrow with LorenaBlueprint  now im off to dinner for TWhiteMakeup  birthday!
How I can wake up at 9:30AM and still manage to be late to my exam at 12PM is beyond me. A natural talent, I guess.
My New Phone Should Be In My Hand, Not Still In The Box At I-Don't-Fucking-Know-Land.
I'm a tweeting fool right now.
these are the times i'll remember for ever
Don't get shit twisted we USE to be good friends we are barely acquaintances now don't act like you know me.
Idk wat to do bt I'm stop stressing it and leave it in GOD hands he'll know wat to
why does it smell like ass in here dad!? I don't know I think I farted hahahahhaahha
what kind of show is xfactor without astro and drew?!?!
some songs reallly get annoying.
Sectionals in a 26 minutes.. and concert is this Friday!
Nz lost sevens, aussie beat baabaas. Not a great early weekend, but a beauty day in akl, getting some gardening done :)
Watching the notebook with my sisssssy  
How can you run with your hair down like that?
bout ready to start deleting #'s  Im too old to be dealing with childish games. i have my own issues to worry about
Best feeling in the world: to buy redbulls, I can honestly say that I get even happier everytime I buy it!
I used to talk to shauniece EVERYDAY now it's Like once a month
you made it seem like your tweet was funny, until I actually saw it
StanCollymore WTF are you doing in a dress Stan? Is it a Villa thing?
Floyd's TL Ugly
late night slumber party storiessss love <3
Although nothing special happened today, I think it's been one of the greatest days ever. Thanks Big Man!!
I'm such a happy person! happy happy happy :D
Just noticed the new twitter doesn't let you see peoples location now...and I was looking forward to seeing where everyone lives
Best friend hangouts in the next 3 days, but missing my sister/bestie/gurlfran/bachelorette partner in crime/roomie for a WHOLE week
Cup of tea and bed. Can't wait for all my Christmas presents (for other people) and stuff to arrive this week so I can wrap them
jackiegaytan I've missed it too! It felt so good to dance like that again. Yes I couldn't breathe but that feeling of accomplishment..
No ones texting me
I jus love the way i_beChaChi pays me no mind ever.......
What oomf told me today made me Excited!!!!
Thompsons_Wife yea u r goin home to yo man Smh
RayVillie yay!!!!! My day is so much better!
I can NOT stand working behind incompetent people....
He never sleeps, he never slumbers... He watches me. Both night and day..
angelacvieira mharve man.... Was gonna see if your Dad would sell it fir our Pats Tailgate bus!!
That Woman on that 'My Tram Experience' video is a fucking disgrace, people like her need putting down.
You text back way too fast.
Happy Veterans Day. To all of those who have served, fought, and gone to protect those above us.
10 kinect volleyball games later with twitterless Bailey. I am tired.  
Think I'm gonna be awake half the night worrying about our  tree smashing through the windows as we sleep
UCA coreography clean up today, ahhhh competition is so close <3
jakemassey15 BOOOOOOO i work 5-10
Trying to concentrate on feature but all I can hear is grumpy stomps from upstairs. The man is doing his once a year tidy up.
loooool bmt who wants to cum teach me maths my teacher is actually shit
bradenbrown easy on the tweets.
gweiners2212 what you mean stuff?
Goodmorning people, today wasn't promised but im blessed god has allowed me to see another a dayI
just cause youre upset doesnt mean you have to constantly fb and tweet about it. i think we get it by now.
Thoughts of you still running thru my head
Texting Da Bay Lol....Counting Down Da Days :-)
th1rty Yea.. and decided to stay wit me instead of the Hotel he booked lol.. Just showed up at the door lol..
Paris in December is the place to be.
My boyfriend is coming home
Twitter is something I get on when I be bored..but some ppl stay on this hoe all day that's
THINK i am leaving for Mooresville tomorrow. excited :-)
Cimorelliband can't wait for the CIMFAMEP going to be amazing!!! can't wait to hear it!!! EXCITED!!! goingtobeamazing :D
At my favorite salon with my favorite hair stylists
Am I the only person that wanted a refund for the wale album?
BIG_Easy5 good call, I need to be more
I looooooove my boyfriiieeeend<3
oomf is sketchy sometimes
Can't wait to see my 847 crew
“LOVE_MyaLove I hate for a dude to have an excuse for everything Sad”
cvelardi Just saw the news story about stolen packages. Last week UPS left my brand new computer (MARKED box & all) on my steps!
Just succesfuilly flipped an omlette for the first time ever
Ik everything for bio, but watch as soon as Ill get that test ill freeze and won't know shit
I love when people mock me and try to tell my jokes the way I do!
JLo hope u tweet soon u need to see all of the support u have here! LOVE :)
Im on umRT iAmRicoRozay: She getting me the cements   such a nice treat for no reason!
things could be worser, so im
joshuatopolsky It is like a bizarro world where they shelve Community and keep Whitney on the air.
Tired of people saying about how they passed the fcat -.-
I look at some people and wonder why their in a relationship
but november 29th needs to come NOW so i can get that new TreySongz !! ahhhhhhhh !
Failing some shit that you put mad time into fucking hurts man....
State, I'll always be a devoted fan but can you hold up your end of this relationship a little better? Please?
Glad God let me wake up on this beautiful morning
justinbieber Hey Justin! guess what?! We learn about Canada in our English-lessons in our school MuchLove from Germany Happy(:
From the doctor...to the ER...all for a stupid broken nose.
Hate in when my cellphone charger isn't long enough to reach my bed.
YAYAYAYAY 1000 tweets mother fuckers  
I could crawl in a hole and rot, right about now.
Since his dumbass is more important than any of your friends.
Oooooo tv camera at school about the strike!
Jst like my first day at skul...nervous#
Teenage daughter got a 2 in her Engligh prelims.
i would love to make my paddle for the person who hates them right about now. ahhahaha
Lucyyysmithhh mmmmmm or cheesy chips :D
Bengal is in the news for all the wrong reasons.
Well..not a great day! :( But praising the Lord for it anyway.
The list for dance solos are about to be read! Wish me luck!
Y do people like Leona lewis cover such brilliant songs n make them less special?!
thingsihate when you start abserious conversation.. And don't text back..
Waking up on the couch to an infomercial is probly the most annoying thing ever!
Can't wait fr later on in the day bouta chill with frends ayye
Fuck's sake! The guy sitting next to me won't shut up!!!!!!!!!
ok Angry Birds. You've stolen an hour from me. Going to do something more productive now
OpeningNight of the 20th century exciting!!!!!!!!!
So excited for the Kentucky game tomorrow with my Best Friend!!
Watching Glee and enjoying dinner alone
Cause baby you're a firework, come on show em what you're worth, make em go oh oh oh, as you shoot across the sky.
I'm stuffed & I've yet to eat any of these wings.
Mary Kate & Ashley Marathon with the cousin!!! First up, winning london!!
If u do nothing today connect with people you might end up
Just made first eye appointment in nearly six years. I wonder how blind I now am?
It's the most wonderful time of the year!
thankful for all the people in my life :)
Desperate housewives 28th november
- my family dont gather for the important Stuff ,,
Been doing the same problem for 15 minutes n got 3 different answers lol
I hate when I have the feeling that somebody ow hiding something from me .
Time to work on some homework
it took me till the last day of placement to get injured - helmet to the eye. That was my excuse when I cried saying bye to my babies
Just slightly disappointed that my ghost seems to have left ... Was kinda hoping I'd have to call GhostAdventures Love xx
Just when u think your getting close with your brother, then he comes home thinking he's a player and can have any girl he wants
Hate people who say hey but then don't reply to your texts.
My Mama Christmas Party Friday
I love Christmas. Yes it's November, cheer up 
I'm obsessed with the Justin Bieber Christmas CD!
omgg im happy noww
another day of studying. cant 6:00 come any faster?
JayTMcK I heard that song today on my way to work! Blarred it and sang along lol
when I walked in missjlee89 just smiled and hugged me, no words. I love how actions speak louder.
Last night in gatlinburg sad toridavis94 McKinnonRay KathrynWynn1
Damn car engine keeps quitting
We will NEVER be friends again after you crossed me to a certain extent.
Be not afraid of growing slowly, be afraid only of standing still~Chinese proverb
EmilyBosecker i thought i raised you better
getting my hair done today ... excited .
some people make me sick to my stomach.
Finally free! (at least for the next 2 weeks)
My plan tomorrow is to throw up on my exam and walk out
Every morning I manage to get toothpaste on my clothes or in my hair.
Kairos this weekend will be a good break from the world.
Now time to get these pins out of my hand. Getting
I wanna adopt a friend
No measure of time could be long enough, but let's start with forever
_LovelyAshlee I<3 Forever 21! My family and I are moving to a small town and I dont event know if there is one there
When i text ppl and they dont text back
So this current Facebook spam/virus stuff going on...here is a thought: DON'T CLICK STUFF you won't get it in the first place.
To wish death on your own sister though.
gettin my homecoming dress todaay
He's on my mind and I'm liking this feeling excited <3
He's meeting my parents tonight at dinner! Nervous!
TimCampbellTwit can't wait to see you this weekend!
Teachers can really piss a girl off
Thank God that's over with.
Do hate it at this time of year when my skin on the side of my feet and at the bottom of my toes go hard and cracked
Launching 3 giveaways this week for my birthday... Excited!
I woke up later than usual today, I wanted to go back to sleep but somehow i managed to get up and hit the gym! I had a good workout!
do I have a freakin sign on me that says hit me with your car... Jesus Christ.. -______-
Wihi- 81 Mardela- 18
Some people really need to turn down their mothafuckin music on this bus.
Love getting something in my eye right before I fall asleep
Just 2 hours or less! :D Exciting!
Today would've been 27 months of being together.
Hot coco & listening to the rain :)
THAT GOODMORNIN TEXT I JUST GOT!!!!
Getting ready to head to the hospital to meet my new niece
Yea I jus love gettin played
Lo fino de tener padrastro, es cuando te suelta más dinero de lo que ni te da tú propio padre.
How does Target not have tim tams?
I can not stand the sounds of animals when they lick themselves
Fear factor is coming back
Gag me. Why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why.
Watching old videos from last season of American Idol to get ready for the new season...I honestly cant wait, I am so excited! <3
Goin to eat ding tai fung! Woot!
I love getting into an unmade bed.
jessylikewhoa we'll see! haha :) maybe ill buy one. or just wear cute clothes.
justinbieber watching NSN..im sick right now (my throat hurts ) and i can beliebe Biebs really performed while he was sick...proud <3
Going to bed at 8:30 on a Saturday!
Louie just ate a piece of bread that he willingly gave me to spit on after drenching it in ketchup
Going to my abuela's always puts me in a good mood thankful :p
Creepy guy in my program thinks we should have a bikini contest at the end of the year for bonus points...
I just bought a MichaelKors bag, merry christmas to me :)
Good game lol !!! Had fun with Jessica today !! ;)
A lil upset. Didn't see the memo about having the kids dress up for the Christmas program tonight. Mine are WAY under dressed.
justinbieber is HOT! love the new mariyah carey music video, couldnt get more amazing
Watchin the game hmu
You know your soul is fulfilled when your nagging mom don't even get to you like that no more
Cant believe I forgot to bring my phone charger to work -.-
Sometimes I get too caught up in frivolous things that I forget how beautiful my life is.
I love brunei at this tym.so quiet and peaceful
Ap calc test....I better pass...
Mum bopping 80s style to modestep -_-
I am thankful for what i got out of the service tonight
When I'm done with you, stray dogs will be too disgusted to piss on your remains. Don't even THINK about fucking with me. >:C
OAN forgot that i got the shoes that i been wantin' for the past 2 months :)
Going to the batting cages starting Tuesday
I've hit every red light coming to school
iJumboCakez your ass look like two beach balls under a blanket
i hate all this.!!!!!!!
sushi and mathematics
;ois;dois;doi ;ksdjflkjsdfhlksjdhfruiwe excited !
Can always count on my girls to cheer me up!
I hate her laugh-________-
He's got hiiiighhhh hopes, he's got high, in the sky, Apple piiiiiiieee hopes
Shaitaaaaan u mus hv added hashtag to PM ---------
I'm not one for animal cruelty but if that yapping f***ing dog don't stop shut the hell up I'm gonna kill it!
I kno niggas that fake whole relationships tho
they say no boyfriend no problems that's true until you need someone to hold you & not a hold your mama or daddy can do
13 more days til my birthdayy!!!
Everyones got the ill fuckin attitude today
cant wait to see everyone againn!
So excited to go sick with my JDW family this weekend at 'TITANIUM'!
I thought twilight was gone be way better!
Antsy to see la familia mañana and stuff my face with food!
This guy got that he's in a relationship and talk about the girl like they married but that didnt stop him from trying to get my number
be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter,and those who matter don't mind
I really hope the rest of today gets better.
Fucking Naismith fire alarms NaismithProbs
you honestly comment on EVERYTHING about me on facebook.. gtfo please.
I want to punch a baby right now.
On my way to tryouts! Hearts pounding out of my chest!
eleanorcmg your party next! Woo woo
MrIngram2U BLESSING others. Nicely done bro! proud!
Keeping sooo much to myself right now...
Why do I even try with u!!!
If you are going to wake me up, whisper, don't use your normal voice
I love Xmas movies (:
Agh. Should've DM'd that to starwarsgirl827
LatarraTFB i didnt even notice you did it. Its one next person. Sending 20 messages per second
I dunno wat I was doing by I was bare puttin my key fob on the oyster card thing
I need a vacation far, far away from this place.
NathanTheWanted i am a girl, i like boys, you are a boy, i like you. Scientific Love xxx
Trying to transfer all my music into my almost dead iPod. I have a feeling my computer is gonna crash at any time.
- Aint no way, i'm gone let yhu down
I'm Not Letting Go, Ever.  You Already Have.
Christmas music in chapel
bgrippe mind ur own business!! ur an old woman picking on pretty, successful teresa and u dont even know her!
JonasBrothers My parents ate coming for Christmas dinner with my boyfriend's mom at their house.
Don't give me nun of this well I ain't ready my pants are drying. Get yur ......straight
Off to Joesburg with DavidBulbring for another wedding
This is a pretty damn good memoir book
What a pleasure this has been
Could'n't ask to be in a better situation
The song I just recorded ahhhh I can't Fucccccin wait Happy :)
Ugh I'm so disgusted by what I see on here! Like wth is wrong with these boys!? They need a good slap in the freaking face!!  Irritated :(
2 weeks today and I'll be snuggled up in bed watching christmas films in my new jarmies, excited!!
Car wash now my baby looks fresh
girls GB 4x200 relay came 5th, woop woop!
I can't pay attention today. I don't want to be here. I hate everything about it.
I don't wanna work tomorrow,
Rockin' the Christmas jumper today.
It's the 5th tomorrow! What does that mean?? SHOPPING!!!
Hamburgers 4 ME :D
Palm beach!! About to see our new house!
I would like to know what genius put two different sized tires on my car.
At this rate, guys will take this Twitter ish to the streets and it'll get ugly! Keyboard to stretcher!
I want to break my iPad in half.
I start practicum tmrw!
My first tweet from my new iPad.
thanksgiving is the one time of the year that we should acknowledge everyday.i love my baby & my family :)
shailakassam LOL sorry its invite only! :) JKKK of course u can join.. Join me in cubaaa ?
Why is it that you always manage to creep into my head and make me depressed
scrolling through sites that make you feel old for the past few hours.
ConorBellotti nicolaquilter87 The equivalent to stateing your a part-time model.....
Counting down the days til my next tattoo piece <3 excited birthdaygift 53days!
No work today, therefore I plan to drink coffee, watch movies, and catch up on sleep for the majority of my day.
you're following more people than are following you.
Verizon 411 sucks ass lately. Apparently there is no police department in carisle or franklin. And there is no dominos on 73..
kenzzieg you + me + Nashville =
KourtneyKardash KimKardashian the gorg kardashians r back KKTNY2  hope KhloeKardashian is also!! Love xoxo
On twitter, so many people are willing to engage in a conversation but just not with me :/
Omg I can't stand my cousin Emily!
jasiolivia :O no way josee..... you cant even call me your P.I.C. anymore! You completely forgot bout my existance! ;'(
Don't text me and then have nothing to talk about. You texted me first so it's your job to keep the conversation going
22 Days Until Christmas..!!
A few more weeks and I will never have to take out trash again!!!! Lol
Feeling God's blessings today SO much!!!!!
The Only Way Is Essexmas,
This guy is bitching cause this teacher wont let her class out dude chill the class isn't over until 1250...
My friends are the best in the world with all the soul master girls, I love our nonsense haha!
Shopping with saskifarrington tomorrow then with _HiH0 aswell!!!!
Please someone explain to me how im struggling in topics of math when all were doing is adding negative numbers
_SavannahB he was not there when I got in the shower!
There's gotta be so much more to life than all of this.
Happy Birthday to a special girlie hollysouter have an amazing day xox
stay safe ...this wind storm is crazy ! Trees debris and schools closed  ...becareful on the roads love!
Christmas music is on the radio
If these bitches are gonna scream every time they see Edward or Jacob, I'm knocking their baby teeth down their throats.
Hate it when you hear a song, but don't know the artist or title
Congrats KourtneyKardashian  and Scott on Baby number 2 Love x
wish I understood Twitter
Watching tinkerbell because my dad locked every channel on my t.v besides Disney
justinbieber Incredible Good Job his new album, Proud of You listen FA LA LA in repetition (': Follow me please please   Love 6
When lawyers ask the same questions a million times in court. canyouhear?
Who the fuck let this squeaky voice ass Mexican be a sports analyst and TALK on national television?!
If she puts up with you through your worst days and still stick with you and your mistakes, don't let her go, you found a keeper.
Kshred666 dude losing three straight games of madden the way I did hurts
dustin_b2012 yes...and tester day was Thursday...tomorrow is Saturday....and Sunday comes afterwards.
I swear some niggas ain't shxt. or worth shxt. ughh, disgusted .
so pandora started playing a really good relient k song, then it skips itself and plays a not as good mayday parade song.
When I come back from break, I'll no longer be a blonde..
Ladies: don't we love it when our bfs make us late to our girls night out.....
machinegunkelly so underrated how sick you are come to Philly rage Mr.Ohio
laura_flintoft Woop Woop! See u soon ready to party!! Have to add a
its crazzi that i cant even eat no more unless im high smh
Im constantly let down by this four letter word called love :/
Listening to Talk that talk love rihanna <3
forgottotweet about how happy I am that me and my new roommate seem to be getting along so well!
I'm gonna be I'm college forever...
Elderflower wine!! Not as good as grandma's elderflower moonshine.
A very important person asked me to help assist in a combat training seminar instruction on Sunday. I'm beyond honored :)
Just cooked myself the most yummy looking dinner ever without burning anything!! proud!
I never approved of you posting a pic of my running!
* on my day off my mom decides to hammer shit around the house MAD early , wtf
Had a good nighttttt
Some people are SO rude and SO judgemental. If you don't know a person, DON'T judge them! That's a form of bullying and it hurts!
Actually I'm gonna write a a Lil short poem right now and take a picture. No, Really! Love! FreeWritingRandomStylesNow! YupYuppity! :)
Noo i gota do a speech 2mora infront of the class :/
BluBullet  Yes shippie! God has a plan for you!!! Ur on ur way :)
Aww damn only 24 tweets in 10 mins
That awkward moment in class when your phone starts playing music from the game you're playing.
And it is off to see billy elliot
The fact EnglishSnooki uses Safari on her Dell even when Chrome is still about just proves to me how dedicated she is to Apple,
I haven't seen a fight yet.
morgen t/m zondag <3
cat just caught and ate a spider
Surprisingly good day today. I feel like I'm starting to finally find my feet. Happy! :]
Just did some hot yoga and thought I was going to die...look over and see a pregnant woman next to me barely sweating....
Where is Jillian Cockerham with her uncontrollable rage when you need her?!
Life is starting to look up
OMGOGMGOGMGOMGLGMGOPGM. NEARLY CHRISTMAS. aasdsakljsdkjajakljkldjalkajklsjklsajklsajsdjslhhflkahdskjhdkhakjsdhajklhdfkjhdkahdklja. excited.
Things are looking up(:
Got mcdonalds without caseynicole17
Boy (girl) you look better with the lights off <3
I was on the phone with oomf but she said she ain't wanna talk !
so looks like I'm going to TOKYO then in February
fouseyTUBE / can you please tell me where I can find tickets for the Edmonton event. Otherwise I will not be able to attend
he sarcastically retracted his statement tho... “RJP3ltfu: Nowly_TB he acted strange the rest of the show after tht though embarrassed”
praise Jesus!! I have enough now for my phone bill! :D
It's been one thing after another lately.
My Actions Speak Louder Than My Words
ThingsThatNeedToEnd - my mom liking pictures that I'm tagged in on facebook. I pray she never gets a twitter...
Orrrrr my outfit for tomorrow looks tits and I don't have the time or money to buy something else!
Is ready for the end of school.
It's boring when there's no one on lunch with me..
Apparently fusion bowl is no more.
First game tomorrow. nervous. worried.
Immaturity has become at an all time high.
omg 't klinkt zo awesome ^^
Last day of work and then 2 weeks off
Just got a job!
Is it even worth trying anymore? Or should I just wait for you to make the next move?...
omigoodness forum seriously just tell me who won so i can stop checking if there's anything in my inbox
There's still a snow fall warning !!!!!!! excited for winter !!!!!
You'd be so much more attractive if you didnt sleep with everything that walked..
I felt bubba Whitt move today!!
Fucking dirty bitch. I don't want to see your dick so don't send me pictures of it.
I feel like im going to explode
Thank u god for lettin me see another day
Asif excited deserves a hashtag....it deserves capital hashtag EXCITED ;)
dis lady brought this big ass tv to the front... oh that was yesterdays sale
Net met drie meiden de bus ingeladen!
jedikermit Yes we are rather amazing, or were, rather. I'm still amazing but it seems as if ryanmer went downhill since the move.
Ping Takes Soo Long For A Message To Be Reciieved By The Other Person !!
Its Always Sunny is on tv.
When your car has a power button.
What a beautiful day out!
Getting ready to paint my floor black!
Just bought an iPad 2
rhaleyperkins omg sweet tea has twitter now??
Sincerely_Jojo_ I feel yuh ; dealin wit sckool can get a bit
I wish you'd text me.
How do people edit entire movies? I can't even get through my lego youtube video!
We made it through the meal with no major fights breaking out.
i swear if they call me to the office one mo' time !!
I love how my parents treat me like I'm still 14 years old.
danielladusevic now we can get our tan on at all hours of the night!
This world is crazy yo
&I don't know where I'd be without you here with me. Life with you makes perfect sense, oh you're my best friend.
On my way to church
Waiting in line for drivers test! Wish me luck
carolakirkby Carooo tas a full nenaa!!!
*shrugs*  Goodnight I guess
never going to a basketball game with my family again. talk about screaming parents.
Big girls tryna be cute and play shy is sooo nasty and ugly to me....... Ewwww its just nooot cute its
Break up to make sex >
I hate when people take what u say the wrong way ugh
You know when you accept, and start to feel good about yourself? Ya, I think I'm there and I gotta say, it feels amazing
Las Directioners no somos así, esto de ir amenazando a Caroline no va con nosotras, pensemos en Harry, Please...
So cold today! But december is almost here :) christmas decorations will be up tonight
My timeline is basically repeating the same shit over and over...
I made some cheese biscuits lastnight!! They were
Really wish the IBAP published their newsletters in HTML instead of pdf-ish issuu publications.
Christmas movies with no snow
a giant dysfunctional family and for once we're all doing something nice, it makes me happy lol
My brother can go die in a hole
need to finish my applications.
Night in with courtney_hurst watchin children in need
10min late to work annoying!!!!
I really don't feel like getting ready.
WOOT! car back on the road
justinbieber I believe in dream and in the most beautiful dream the
this is sooo stupid.
_ Poeple Twist Things All Up && Put Words In My Your Mouth
I am single so I have every right to flirt, you on the other hand are in relationship & that my friend is a bad look
EverybodyHasThat1Friend  who has drama in their life 24/7
there'll be no clear skies if I lose you, baby..Just like the clouds, my eyes will do the same if you walk away everyday, it will rain
KISS KISS KISS oh come on
interview with CBAt tomorrow...
caroline_gavin Family # love right back to you prophetic_sound JWKanyuira paul_curd Joyisalwayshere jshe KinderEric korbancdc
My best mate passed his driving test! So happy for him! cant wait to drive with him
Celtics are reloading with David West and others just like when they won da 'ship in 08
IanKeaggy: 34 degrees outside. Not gonna feel great on the filanges!
newhot899 best radio station on thee fm ;)
im preparing the best gift ever for the nearly best person ever *-* :D
DrJasonJohnson FaceTheNation Probably not going to happen, but I like that she is conscienous as a proud Black woman.
Nigga is STILL yelling at the game. COD. I Fux with it every now and then, but mostly laugh at This nigga Lol.
No bobble hat to keep my head and ears warm for this week
..I don't mind dealing with homeboy'smothers. ..but, them dealing with mine? ..unheard of ..anxiety  lol
Walking around at my middle school has got me thinking about how fast time flys..
Happy thanksgiving! Thankful for everyone in my life. love <3
why do i always lose my lip balm -.-
Me and my cousin Dancinq_Doniece  getting an apartment this summer =)
Can everyone stop having a full on long conversation on here.
Wonder Pets with my wonder baby girl
The only time I'm ever hungry is when I'm in my bed about to pass out
Why did the wind storm conveniently miss Sandy?  I have a couple of trees I would appreciate being taken down.
Just went back for seconds..
Lost to Sutton in the cup. Headin back to the club to watch the England match.
IPod + spotify offline playlist = great drive home for me
The womens fitting room smells like stank pussy, sweaty feet, ass, and  perfume -___-
1 month til my bday... 3years since u been gone and still feels like yesterday....
kgstanley comm660 is off that week already! You're welcome! Happy Thanksgiving!
Had a dream last night that I won $580. I woke up to $0.
Ok. Getting up now!
It only takes one night to ruin everything
That awkward moment when you hve to much pasta and not enough sauce
I hate when people assume shit.
Hihi have 42 followers now! :3
missing YMS perform on the morning show :C bcoz im going to brisbane !
EvansvilleRage at the office today working on twitter and Facebook. Figuring out what the fans want. Any Suggestions
I've been an awful good girl Santa baby, and hurry down the chimney tonight
Where's my copy of Jukebox?! It was dispatched on Wednesday!
I hate it when it's so quiet you can hear the second hand of the clock ticking
Warm bed, great books, chili chocolate and red wine ...
Current looking at all the events going on NBA Allstar Wknd......
Ah wish som1 wud jst appear in ma room wit a pack of KFC rice + chicken
I'm literally going to sit on my brothers face if he doesn't stop singing.
kasiebrickkkk ur my mom just told me to shutup
15th yr class reunion this weekend!
I don't care how much you call Mr. Unknown Number.. I'm not answering your call!
When no one was there she was! SO THANK U ddlovato FOR BEING U
Getting to see my friends makes this a spectacular break, now only if I could of been the big spoon
Wow I may have some really cool ideas for products/designs for apparel items to sell at conventions. More news when I get the info!
_MalfoyLucius [He's leaving for the Marines in February Sadness]
-__- im just not FEELIN IT... *puts the pen down* >_< Frustrated...
Laying Wit My Babe ,  Watching Big Mommas House !  Happy :)
Just fell asleep in class and got called out on it,
well here goes everything! studied all weekend for this.
love weekends with no homework
Dudes that s/o other dudes to help them get followers
Well Sobetti88 im going to work now and still no cheesecake.
Waiting dec.22 for ArthurChristmas and to watch justinbieber's 'Santa Claus Is Coming To Town' in 3D before the movie starts. excited *13
Going into radio city live now! Tweet when I'm out!! Eeeep!
My stupid brother always gets what he wants -_-
Just Came Home To Pizza And Hot Wings LOVE.
Living with uncertainties that ill never find the words to say which would completely explain just how I'm breaking down-
kattt_miller my last tweet was for you...I always forget to tag people
I really hate it when my tweets won't send at the time I want them to . Annoying .
xUnoDosTrey what!? That shit stay in a pony tail
Aint nothing like family.
I Love the kids jus dis like watching Them!
That moment you see your grades and they are better than you expected...
fnshed all the seasons of scrubs :( sad bestshowever!
Hoy toca ser feliz ....
Tru!!RT Drew_Da_Problem: Girls out here be dealin wit soo many losers they don't even realize when they've won .
Can't a boy have some peace when he's trying to read?
dad called & asked me were we cuddling on the couch together
WateKellens my firstclass total time is so
My mood just changed
6days buzzing for christmassssss ! present and can take the boot of and start walking like a normal person
My youngins dont want to get no money all he want to do is shoot!
cant wait to see breaking dawn!
Cleaned my car inside & out.
Twitter is the Ultimate Popularity Contest! Its like People Judge u on how Cool u are By ur Followers
I wish I could take a shower & go to bed right now, but nooo my dad doesn't have common sense & scheduled me for batting at 8pm..
Thanks To All Who Follow Me ! :) Happy :D
Why did I agree to this weekend?
Cant go back to sleep.
School please hurry up
i wish my phone charger actually worked properly
my jacket came today
why though? h.barnes 11 pts.
Well I guess it's passion pop! in a can then.
Whoa! North Carolina has grocrey stores too?
f david stern bro!! he racist bro!! if cp3 was white he would be sayin da next jerry west! but naw he wanna stop da trade! f dat nigga
Harry Potttaaaa is on.
BKallday73 awake for all those hours and I haven't seen you in any of them
Mmm black coffee and cold weather
HTOWNwobble doubt it. We gotta forget about that shit embarrassing Chalmers93
LieOfTheYear,,,she. Said Yes!!LOVEkaylacote ,,+ Drayluzao
Ok, day one of potty training Raya. This'll be my first time! nobetayuen potty trained Aaron.
Urban Myers now the head coach of OSU?
Demain la best of the best pose ses pieds à Lyon.
It is such a great feeling to see your hard work pay off.
I will be extremely surprised if I can last all day in school tomorrow without crying at least once..
My brothers gotta leave for school right after the new year
I love how my dog howls whenever I leave the room
Why do old men think there money is worth a sexual relationship with a younger female
if one more person pulls out in front of me...
My Grandad keeps asking me if I have a boyfriend yet
Its so weird not having my grandma here.
Worst day everi look like a wreck
carolynm504 I read that three times before I figured out what it said
Nu echt boven leren
December 7, 1941 a day that will live in infamy
Christmas in Canaan<3 one of the best movies i have ever seen :') i loved itt
Snuggled up under blankets with my gorgeous wife on the worlds most comfy sofa.
Harry_Styles zaynmalik Real_Liam_Payne Louis_Tomlinson NiallOfficial When you will come to Spain? We love you!  1DtoSpain love x
Mad my ipod died.. Wen my song came on.. hurt lol
LittleMixOffic did an amazing job with that song
mickey's christmas carol
Thanksgiving 2011 memory, my nephew cuddled up against me imitating me...
vanessacoursey  thank you for all  ya support , I really appreciate it
who said twitter is nothing than fb..??..try it first before you say anything ok!!
Ladies::: If you have certain times you can call him.....no.....hang that up NOW boo! Love &
Headin 2 dat restaurant close 2 ceddi plaza....Lunch will be Bliss....
Apparently we're going out me and my family and I don't know what is the hell I'm going to wear !!
Tenmina is the most wonderful wife EVER.
Going back to school tomorrow..
When Leah calls pizza hut and they automatically have my address cause she's always here.
I give thanks everyday because I have so much to be thankful for. Forever
bradykennedy12 you are good my friend. Knicks blue and orange snapback Haha
i really wish i could drive
Registering for my Spring classes tomorrow!
Jersey bound in 6 days
So many big things going on, in a matter of the last 4 hours!
I'm in hope of a Loyal, honest, trustworthy, brilliant minded beautiful woman that'll rock my world and isn't afraid to take risk in Love.
Everything happens for a reason. :))
Im soo tired of hearin the same crap.!!!!
She sent her nakeds in a text. Didn't ask and not impressed.
I could stay in the club & dance for hrs  
I think, it's not pretty bad :D
Want a beer but I've gotta give my boss a lift in a bit.
GM folks. So this fucker SuperSchreyer is really going to Ghana w/o me. Smh :/
marcus collins+gary barlow
Well fort Wayne was so good. Back to Muncie for the week
Yooooooo i feel so loved.....i dont know if its the holiday spirit, the fact im going to see those i LOVE in a few days..bottom line
Just drew something that was actually good for once
Cant wait to go Christmas shopping this Weekend
There's just something about marrying the prettiest girl an entire family has to offer.
Waiting for a phone call that'll never come
Had a really good day!!
whduncan I DID IT. I WATCHED JUST ONE. That doesn't mean I've gotten any more work done on my paper, but I only watched 1 episode
The NBA lockout is over!! Let's get to hoopin'!
INCLUDING ME! Lls That's
I think I'm JazzSimone favorite sophomore saying that she always bothering me LOVE ! :)
robbiegrant14 is more interested in my new phone than he is in me
First time this week I've made the school bus,
omg i feel like screaming
Guess who's getting her permit!
AlysonLaird Hi friend! :D ofcourse I am coming over for some pre party drinks :p martin is gonna drop me, my mum and audrey off :)
MohammedIsap theres no one to cook for me so im eating yogurt now.
Wear green to game.
the fact that he listens and gives great insight encourages me to look forward to my
so not ready for kick off!
justinbieber  UnderTheMistletoe is amazing !!! follow back please ?? love ya ..proud 38
Home bound tomorrow for the holllerdays!
Lorelai and Luke are seriously so cute...
Elliesinclairee yeahh :) and my last gig this year is miles kane/kasabian in 2 weeks :)
no morning practice today
You ever wake up in the morning with your mouth tasting like paper!?.....Fuck $20 Tuesdays!!
i feel like we're drifting apart. . . .
AdamR2I with the FIFA curl shot! Keeper scrambling but hits the bar
Done w Classes tomorrow--Getting my recipe/grocery list together 4 apple crisp cups--anticipating holiday drama/family festivities
EvanAntonucci no deff not the same
So its a rap on me wrapping my hair smh I can never do it ughh
Exactly where I wanna be
Walking around school with balloons....
German Christmas Market Thursday!
Yeah that's cool girl who follows me on tumblr just use the same layout as me then fucking reblog EVER LITTLE THING I BLOG!
Just want to be in the yoop
man never let a girl who don't watch football come over...they just talk and ask 2 many questions
Translating an article on the art of concentration when you can't concentrate is like torture...
I missed 1 debate. How will I ever know who to vote for now?!!
Wearing my poppy with pride. 11/11/11
Helping ppl is one thing, but this... on another frickn level!!
So can't wait to leave.. annoyed.
effin Miley Cyrus shit in my facebook.
PhaedraParks looks absolutely adorable tonite!
FOUND MY LIGHTNING MCQUEEN BLANKET.
Get to spend QT with twitterlessCJ tonight.
damn, i have yearbook tomorrow, which means i don't get out as early as i thought i would. disappointing.
martin_ct_mw don't dis Friends!
CeesRenzitti get Uggs! Ahahahahaha so I don't needa wear urs next time we go to the stable! Ahahahaha.
on my way to BringItOn the musical!!! For a field trip!
It's my lifee
I love a clean kitchen. =]
After falling asleep last night, I shall be preparing for my visit to uni tomorrow last minute. Just as well I'm a crisis worker
The only power outlet at this McDonalds is in the ceiling and I'm too short to reach.
Skulle precis smälla ihop min kvällsläsning och sova när jag hör hunden spy utanför min dörr
Why can't I sleep?
laquentin Mr21RHB Congrats to Yall boyz moving on...I can't believe APK got merked 20-0?!!
had graag op i <3 techno geweest....
20factsaboutme 10-once i stop tryna get someones attention that person always tries to get mine to an obnoxious level -_-
When folk jump on yer bandwagon
Hitting every red light is a pet peeve of mine annoyed!
justinbieber Falala music video is amazing! I died! You, and they. incredible. You're amazing proud 17
TRILLassAshleyp Honestly I'm A Nobody. My Name Is Skip. But You Can Call Me McCoii, If Your Trilll Enough ;-)
Nothing better than Sunday morning handball
Dyeing my hair brown...
Jack Black in school of rock
Dats bold she think she pretty..Sad.
I've seen this old lady's thong too many times now...im going to throw up if I see it again..
Homeward bound for thanksgiving :) can't wait to see my doggie
I feel like tim hortons is always out of plain bagels
asyaBROram we didnt hangout during the week last week
What a great start to birthday week for my beloved Nate..cooked him dinner and now enjoying some delicious eggnog & rum for dessert
When your so tired but can't sleep.
Really hate the fact when people suck at texting...
That moment when you trynna be cute in yo heels and you trip infront of eveybody
Missing my honey..haven't talked to him today
People like OrganikHipHop and gavatista showing us the ways to create possibilities & keeping the movement going
this time last year onedirection sang 'the way you look tonight', now they are back on TXF to sing their new single 'gotta be you' proud!
My dad has been here for 20 minutes and I'm already
Antagal ng SOS ni Sarah G - LOVE ON TOP ba? excited ASAPOFFICIAL SGeronimo25
Sitting on the porch with AshleyFergeson listening to the rain.
If I Win, I'm Not Gone Brag About It. If I Take A L, I'm Gone Admit It Like A Man. This Gone Be A Hell Of A Fight On Da End.
Nothing pisses me off more than an oriental chick in the morning
EEEEP 4 more followers...Maybe it will happen before tomorrow? Like...just maybe? ;D excited.
i got these girls chasin and aint even payin em no mind.
They should make a medal for anyone who uses a whole tube of Chapstick without losing it!
You make me smile!
russell_buck PINTEREST IS AWESOME.
It's Funny How We Come Home And Starve Even Tho We Know Soooo Many Mutherfuckers Down Here That Know How To Cook :(
nataliemkoons you didnt lose all of your ID i have half of it still in my purse! haha Ill see you and Krgreen31 around 945
On the verge of pulling my hair frustration !
Christmas spirit , ready to be with my family and have the moments that we share .
Tucked my shirt into my underwear
OMG...Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword comes out next week!
JeffDaniels_ we better do something tonight becuase this day needs to get better
*does happy feet dance* off et tweet i just seen ! excited lol
rolandsmartin I Googled Jeff Garcia. Great career, but he's 41, battled injuries since 04, & last playoff game was 2007
Just grabbed the cherriest of parking spots.
kwinters0323 I love youuu :) do you want to be the fiance ever?!
& yo three should be yo only worry!! But instead yu sack chasin running up behind a nigga!!
My mommy always comes through for me
Volunia: You have distinguished you, thanks for listening!
can christmas just get here now?
Actually can't wait for this weekend!
When did ashton kutcher stop acting in the 70's show...
my mini heater is warm!!
I love my mama. Came out of no where and is bringing me subway.
“OverLeftNutters:” I thought you were the comeback king
CathyGGunn I was hoping you would :) Ngl it was my first selfie ever, you should be proud haha
Hates when my dog scratches the window for 10 minutes cause no one lets her out .
Boy I know I'm not perfect but will bust my ass till that last second runs out!
happy thanksgiving everyone!!! :) thankful grateful readytoeat :)
I hate when old Spanish guys stare at me.
C'est décourageant de se dire qu'on va aller travailler demain en fait :/
Celebrating Friendsgiving tonight with mrobo and some of the best friends on the planet!
Arpitaappu Don't tell me! You guys didn't know about it till now ?!? BalajiDruv Even Rosh111  didn't know?
going to my interview at Macy's :)
SOME FEMALES WOULD DO JUST ABOUT ANYTHING TO GET SOME ATTENTION.
Last night of Holiday Show...
All I want to do is play soccer it makes me
Down for a coffee right now love <3
Looking back on my life God has brought me along way just finished my 1st semester of grad school
A quiz on the last day really?!
Kim and Kourtney tonight!
Bought a bag of bugles for lunch. Reminds me of when I was a kid.
Aye_Villy same here :/ this is gonna make me need to vent. Like I can't deal with my life not being a cup
ChrisSavel I know, I am actually in ,love with that store :) and it's always like 2 flooooors<3
you know what would be GREAT right now doee . me listenin to honeyhundreds feel shit and he followin me irritation lol
Just saw green lantern Goethe first time....very good
These bad ass kids always got detention. Never get out on time. I got shit to do.
Ready for another painful Monday everybody? Hang in there it's almost Christmas break!
S/O to them yo boyfriends homeboys dat try to fuck witchu..
when someone's status that they must post at least 4 times a week pops up, do me a favour and fuck right off
Stop Hating Justin :) Die Haters! haha :D
loving this time with jc_chamberlain
My dog is snoring.
kusstefaniex alsjeblieft mop x <3
That was probably the worst idea I've ever had
justinbieber Yeeeah man, my hero made the BEST CHRISTMAS ALBUM ever. UnderTheMistletoe got so much swaaaag ! proud 21
I don't wanna leave UMass even if it's only for 5 days :(
New York bound flying alone for the first time
Christmas Shopping with Leah Jae, then off to hang out with gram
God woke me up another day
gonna be a great weekend
Just came home to a Droid Razr in the mail.
Wishes Laurenallen155 and tayon would wake up sat watching emerdale sad!
JesikaR You actually went *surprised expression* - what did you do?
Ce soir c'est bibi qui a réalisé le pregénérique de Danse avec les Stars !
Just found out that my mom got me that Thundercats shirt for Christmas.
It feels like were drifting apart
_Alyen Dès qu'il me regarde je fond *.*
Packing for DC!
whiskey6100 thank you do much for an amazing weekend! I love you. I can't wait to spend the rest of my life with you! :) love 5moredays!
Oh well. I'm sick. Appears I have whatever my bride just went through. I guess the flu shot wasn't mean for this.
Its starting to sink in that he's gonna be gone in Germany for 7 month
Wish you think about me as much as i think about u
i hate it when people are late!
Oooh! Its a bumper version of Celeb Look-a-like Alert - Gordon Brown joins us for a brief time to check out the train service.
It's getting cold out. Woke up today and everything was frostified. I smell snow coming soon.
Getting ready 4 wrk!...ugh not a fan of Mondays, but glad 2 see another 1.
And now the cute text conversations are back<3
Omgeeeezzzz trying to update my iphone on this slow ass comp!!!
I have respect for like... 10 people. Thats fucking
Failing a drug screen a month and a half ago?! Heisman voters don't care. Heisman voters don't give a sh*t.
Y A PAS MOYEN D'ENLEVER CETTE CORRECTION ORTHOGRAPHIQUE TWEETER !!!!
Just made the decision to host my very first christmas dinner! Step 1: obtain a tree of sorts...
I can only hold so much tears back </3! #:(
It's amazing how low a guy will stoop just to get some.
Ugh, people piss me off!
Doing work on a dozen RobRoyall catchup
going to Peru in March excited!
kristen_tracy Is the optional jam a scone condiment? Or does it go with something else?
oh' Olongapo.. been wanting to see you.
“JudyMacGarner: Say a prayer! Scotty is up next! I'll never get used to live TV!!!” He'll do GREAT as always!!! (:
I'm about to hang my nephew
bout to chill!  need a haircut!  @
I always feel sick,
Lots of nice things today but meeting an old colleague in my new place of work was tops surprise :)
I feel loved =) I'm JUST NOW checking my DM's and BOOKOO ppl reached out to me... S/O to my followers that fux wit me n hold me down
Like have the guts to say it to my face. The behind the back shit is so fucking immature. Seriously. We're not 10 anymore.
Swac championship look Jus like las week high school championships lmao
Who can i run to when i need Love:(
Ordered my lip rings today :)
Ice skating hmm fun :) BOOM we will see :)
I remember when the colts were good...last year.
sitting waiting for the ferrie and someone's horn is going off , shut the fuck up
birthday birthday birthday!
I need a job so bad :(
Going to logoshope now!!! Private tour I hope!!!!! Yiihaaaa!!!
I'm trying to sleep and  first my kitten came and led on my chest and started sniffing me face, then she came and led on my face annoying!
Joah 11-11-11 11:11
&& Just So You Know You're NOT The Reason This Smile Is On My Face You Lost That Privilege!, 
Appreciate your partner. Now that she's gone, I can barely even remember the things that weren't working for us.
Movie Theater Popcorn is HEAVEN.
i had a really good week(:
Good night tonite at my lil bro & sisters presentation. Brother won a medal & lil sister won 5 trophys. Whyyyy cant I be sporty???
It feel like everybody i b texting got an iphone thats
I don't care who was BEFORE me as long as I know there's nobody DURING me. Back to Home :D
My twitter acting up. It uncheck folk i follow then check back.
Probably one of the worst days so far this school year! Im so tired of all these stupid teachers and a few of the people.
Aye_Yo_DT YOUR DOiNG THiS FOR YOURSELF... YOU KNOW WHAT i SAiD... BUT i'M JUST MAKiNG U
Moms stuffing didn't disappoint
rkissel412 That's what I thought!
You're losing all your friends because of the stupid choices you make.
FarahUniverse and I just wrote THE most perfect song for Alicia Keys with ITSTHEROSEBROS !
i my dad said hes gonna order my new phone 2night.
Waked up to wrestle with my parents...yup we're a special case. Today gona be amazing !
Twitter attached to Facebook account
I'm glad I don't have some of the problems other people have
Thanksgiving football with the bishop family :)
I never talk to my boyfriend anymore
So it was told to me that justin bieber was in north carolina 10 MINTUES AWAY FROM  MY HOME n here i am in ohio pssstd off -_-
justinbieber UnderTheMistletoe is amazing.. I love it so much! Proud. 20
SKI TRIP N FEBRUARY WIT MYKIDZPROTECTOR. IM EXCITED :-)
“sillyhillyanne: I should probably work on being pretty. neglect nursingproblems”
Surprise phone call from your parents to say that they're 3 hours away from the city and taking you out for supper?
Time to get my baby girl Jennifer and go see breaking dawn!
Feelings too hurt right now
When Ppl Quote Versus From ONE SONG inn TWELVE Different Tweets Back To Back... Pic Your Favorite, We Get it Smh Annoying!
always hearing weird shit when its quiet
“JerryN_3: Sometimes I wish my mom had a boy than a girl.. So damn annoying”
mmmm Apple juice <3
AbiPhillipsx Erm Abs are you okay?
We are going to take penny to see father Christmas :)
I miss you guys already..... Hilesj c_melle3
NiallOfficial Real_Liam_Payne Harry_Styles Louis_Tomlinson zaynmalik good luck for tonight! You're going to SMASH it! Proud.
Missin Blaise right about know!!
Watching americasgottalent from south africa and wish we could vote!! itsmelanieamaro has to win!!! And then she must do a SA tour!
Starting Insanity again on Monday.. hopefully this time I can make it the whole 60 days
love it when your lazy ass prof suddenly turns into ms frizzle when the dean sits in on a lecture
True friends bring you low carb monster to work without you even asking cause they know you so well. XOXTINA baby you da best.
Today is going to be super great. 
Christmas music is already getting on my nerves...
Tomorrow I will get off of an airplane in Jacksonville, Florida.
And you know, if it gets really dark, I’ll keep the light on for you. ~Barb
mommy just gave me somee moneyy , Surprise ...
justinbieber on Michael Bublé's  Christmas.....
justinbieber ALL I WANT FOR CHRISTMAS IS YOU MUSIC VIDEO IS AMAZING!!!
5 more days until I can go home.
And Africa Magic has taken 1st place yet again!
Chocos, wine gums & a can of cola.. All cosy with a hot water bottle & christmas film
Just you me and the robot. CassieFraz
high school need to reevaluate there life. it is almost shocking how materialistic we are.
you literally kiss every guy
I just had a full blown conversation with my friend next to me and he had his headphones on the whole time. Fml.
thefifthmember people just make jokes all the time, normally I wouldn't care but it's my own friends!
Its been 5 months & I still cry almost everyday , I miss my mommy so muchh .
Someone asked me why do you love him? And I replied with why would I not?
Bitch if you're gonna have a cell phone, charge it.
On my way to Nacogdoches to start training..
Parents should never ever sing in the car annoyed.
I cant believe we lost to MS_Hawker's team....
i feel like this is the right thing for me to do
EmcOnTheRocks LogBear8 I hired Eric to be my chef last year.  Very disappointing.
my eye is like bruised around it and it Burns but nothing happened to it?
Ugh I'm sooooooo
there was no ramen in my house :( i wish JakeJenzen never talked about making it yesterday D:
If people knew the real 'you' , how many so called friends would u have? Ask yourself that...u can't cuz 'you' don't know who you are!
ImJayallday_24 ok jus don't tell me to shutup wen I'm Thankn da lord for wakn me up 4real u prob didn't thank him dis mornin smh
im starting to notice what ky_poex3 said about sub the other night, but with someone else now.
RomeoCEO um hello!!!! Penguins dancin around town... It WILL be hype
Beauty and the Beast!
Been wit da baee most of da day so im good.
Who are my true friends??
sick of trying
Awaiting delivery of a sofabed.
Busy day at Confetti Wedding Show HQ 2012 is going to be a big year
That's what happens every time
Great.. Totally stoked on my cerial this morning.. I open the fridge and there's no milk
I know this girl was not just digging in her nose, openly in class, and then wiped it under the desk!!!!!!
Haaaa yes im one of MANY who watch a ravens game hopin they lose
going home! haven't been home since september
First night shift, still getting over weekend party, very tired
Man we just lost that weak ahh game
Harry slept at Caroline's?! Wot! They could of had sex and everything :(
Isabel told me what I'm getting for Christmas
_LucySinclair willm97 smashing some little white man coz he called him a nigga ;)
when ppl say I make there day.. It makes life that much better
Why do people have talk about me if don't even say nothing about them
Relaxing at ChristiannK1 's pad and it smells like a 10-foot Christmas tree and cookies and cinnamon!
most peaceful lunch I've had all year. hmm... wonder why.
Hate how old people and coney island waitresses call me hun
I   all my friends and family soo much!
Don't worry about me, I'm still up. annoyed .
Jessie25Dantimo SHIT SHIT SHIT I COULDN'T WATCH IT YET...SDIHUDSGHUFDOHDFOFJON
Having to work during Harry potter weekend
Stop pretending to be someone that your not.
lending my car to KudanAR to star in their latest 360 video application
Celebrating my son's 10th B-day 2day his birthday is the day before Christmas
when your timelines all quote accounts
nazeerballim stop shaking so much looks like u have a disease
I get my room back, I don't have to sleep in that messy hell hole anymore :)
The closer it gets to the weekend the more freaked out I get ...
HE LOVE TO CALL ME BAE !!!
Kara's sweet 16 tonight!!! Best of all most of my small group will be there. <3
I hate Sergio so much
Just came from the cafe
cassieclare mine shipped today! I can't wait!
“hannahfleming12: New home, new job...only one thing missing!” me?!
1st violin lesson =D ..
Just threw a MASSIVE spider outside without killing it :)
I'm so thankful for my family and friends! The love they give is never in short supply!
I hate playing fucking phone tag
You always do this to me
Just got great news for college
bebemohdnoor Yeahh.. It's been days already.
Hate it when you say that you hate jb,when the only song you have ever heard is baby.which was like a year ago.
My mood has just got better !! happy ..
as if I just went up to a randomer asking them about a top and they don't know even work there
rach_datey because Tom left when I wanted him to win and Aaron is still in there, the stupid plum. I can't keep seein him on my TV.
Boutta leave and get my belly pierced.
Bitta christmas shopping with miss vicciaddis
we close in less than 2 minutes. QUIT SHOPPING! you know you're not gonna buy anything.
Last night I was so close to just sleeping with my bass.. I love tht thing
My day just got 10x better
twet VicksMDFPhiladelphiafan if you
Accidently dumped my favorite eyeshadow down the drain..
On way to 5 a side excited!
this english assessment is hard glad i've got a day left gonna do the family
CampMulla all day ...Feel No Pain!thts wassup!
One month from today. Christmas Eve. EXCITED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I have no idea where this is gonna go from here
Well i learned some interesting stuff tonight
Computer is about to die ugh
Im looking forward to starting a new friendship not picking up on a old relationship...thats kinda
ready for some black friday shopping!
ViPDav lls naw jus super tired wish i did tho dat wud b LOVE lls
GemsB mate thank god we avoided a outfit clash
86543 followers more before jasminevillegas reach 1M followers!
Cookie dough ice cream =
BethKristo  girls gotta fangirl! Lol. I'm so excited because I'm 100% Jordan and Howie girl :)
Remembered why I don't go to subway anymore
My Pandora and I are not seeing eye to eye right now.
Dear Sleep, PLEASE KNOCK MY ASS OUT! I don't like just laying here. Do your job.
Cobeans20 I yelled at the tv for that , mother did too
3km in Temple Run. FINALLY
I can't wait for these niggaz on twitter see wat these ugly ass females really look like in person lol yall gon be
Got a 20p tip cause I was such a good slave
Thanksgiving won't be the same without nathanf0x
when your maid/parent wakes you up by switching the lights on and turning the AC off
if only he know<33
and out of all these things I've done, I think I love you better now! love edsheeran
Waking up for another great day, without an alarm, then going to eat a great meal!
ricky_aj_hall snap, Fresh sheets rule!
Sticks and stones may break my bones but whips and chains excite me so tie me up and throw me down and show me that you like me
This girl at work talks like she asking a question. Her voice goes up at the end of each sentence.
The whole world is on my nerves right now.
I have a family photoshoot today
A las 9 examen de Filosofia, de este depende mi trimestre, aprobar o no aprobar esa es la questión
People who put a million picks of animals on facebook...
Oh well its never going to happen. You will always love your first love no matter the pain they put you through :(
Going to bed with a smile on your face >
Went to confession tonight and after making my penance I got distracted looking through the new missal! I can't get enough of it!
duke is number 3 in the polls while unc is number 5 ahhhh
I hope spazwaaf  plays firework by my babe katyperry  so a black man can get his groove on ThePlaceBOS  let's
My Parents Would Be Fighting Thiss Early.
Just finished decorating Kaydens Christmas tree and his stocking
why does everything have to happen to me when I'm stressed!!
Ahhhh been more or less awake since 2.30am and now alarm going again in a few hours! And After a boozy lunch yesterday ...
STOP PLAYING BRUNO MARS ON THE RADIO
Gotta go meet my wife now.....excited :-)
Take the dog for a walk before it gets too dark.. AT 3 O CLOCK ON THE AFTERNOON
The National Anthem of Indonesia :D
im not a booty call my number isn't call 1800-carla for a good time so stop!
Nothing like being able to serve in canvasyouth // impacting Houston!!!
actress58 I'm totally LOVIN' all your MJ pics! Thank you soooo much!  LOVE :)
NBA is back!
TGIF!!! Almost party naaa excited :)
can't wait to go Christmas shopping tomorrow excited!
chanellegabriel  thanks for the kind words and chocolates! So much love!! You're going to tear it up in fuel..
Prepping for numerology sessions with my lululemon team at Queen West ....what's in store for 2012? All will be revealed
Just watched some highlights of the England Men Hockey team :( 1 win and 3 losses
well..... i have 800 tweets. embarrassing.
First class was cancelled today.........
So happy to be with my friends and family all week thankful blessed cassidyjchapman BrightonChapman
Not even up for anything today. depressed .....
J'ai enfin reçu mon colis !
I can't wait till Christmassss its in 9 days.
saturday school takes the piss when u have 2 come in for 1 lesson
just waisted my homework time by tweeting 69 pick up lines to zaynmalik
grr I wanted to go to the boys game but everybody wanna be slow as hell
whoever thought the wind blowing through your hair was sexy, is crazy. it is so frustrating !
ewinning1 boosalke kirstybear dorvinnc luke_pook for real???? Did you see it??
So they broke my watch...
AlabamaCapital what time does family meeting start again? Haha! I forgot! How could I forget the time? Haha teamdream <3
Decorating is one thing.. Cleaning and seeing it come to completion in another!!
I WAS GONE SHARE WIT U BUT NOW IM NOT CUZ I FEEL
Harry_Styles DUDE! Less then a week
beautybaby44 literally i just belted three of her songs at the top of my lungs. yeah i'm all alone lol
sberman2290 new ingridmusic single and album coming soon!
What is wrong w people yang 'jangan nak happy sangat dgn result kau, f4 lagi susah' NAK HAPPY FOR A FREAKING DAY PUN TAKLEH KE?!
Family and God are everything
It's my birthday, and I'm laying in bed crying.
wtf everyone's watching/watched a Christmas movie but me?!
First cup of tea of the day.
kaylamae412 Like when we all pretended to die? Oh gosh...
Just got my head stuck under the seat in the van...
cant wait till saturday- team sleepoverr <333333
Zay is finally slp...
Sunday should be a day of rest...why is this never the case for me?!
Why can't I relax on a Sunday?
Anger is something that we all experience, but can cause problems in relationships & quality of life if it gets out of control
frozen red mountain dew....
woke up this morning & thought it was Friday.
Goodnight.add maths tomorrow
fuck i dont want to take the algebra test today D:
sooo yea you should totally just tell me exaactly how you feel about me and stop beating around the bush...jus sayin annoyed -_-
Last uni exam today :) then gold coast tonight !! :)
Wat a morning smh god was with me... was very close 2not seeing another day, but he knows I still got things 2do n a son 2raise
justinbieber aww are u really Auctioning off ur snake for charity?? That's so sweet ur really a good guy no matter what people say
Wrote a poem today!! (:
- Just because we don't talk doesn't mean I don't think about you. I'm just trying to distance myself because I know I can't have you.
Need to go Christmas shopping for my boys got my daughter almost out the way
A new Goldilocks zone planet and the Higgs Boson detected! Exciting, exciting stuff!
There's a lady at my work walking around with toilet paper stuck to her shoe...
Happy thanksgiving everyone :)
Why Be Happy 2	Days And Miserable The Other 5 ... I Swear Thats Str8
Kick racism out of football (except when it's a player from my club who's using racist language. It's ok then.)
jessreneewaba noooo :( I was really looking forward to a good chat!
StaceyStackz lol, smh we both hurt !
Love seeing Candlestick! Go 49ers!
No One To Play Connect Four W/ Me ,  I Declare War W/ Me .... Lonely : /
They added new psych classes and I snagged the one I wanted
Got harrypotter part 2 on DVD today(:
E SU ITALIA 1 CI SONO LE CHARLIE'S ANGELS STUPENDO
in my dream someone txted me something really cute and when I woke up I went to respond.. ha thank god I didn't send anything
liiiv9 DevlinAmmendola megggy4793 <3 <3 <3 <3
“CMC88: All about family feud on the iPhone FastMoney” that's all TassCoco plays!
I have great friends and family
going to scrub the fuck outta my face
mack_lovinn your braces are off your braces are off...why haven't you tweeted me a picture yet
First time in the world showcase since food and wine... Looks so empty.. I miss the booze.
TOUR TICKETS HAVE ARRIVED      
John mayer kinda day
i despise you, you're a pathetic excuse for a human being.
Vanessita24 yay!! Luv going to new spots instead of same ole' thing..
And we're going to there. ;') 
Looking for a home for New Year for go with my friends! Yeee
Sometimes you just need to cry sad badmood ):
snipeshero4 i had to go by myself...
My darkest days concert tonight @ TheVenue in peterborough
So many people!
That is too bad
Bout to catch a case early this morn!!
Ever thine, ever mine, ever ours!!
Looking forward to tomorrow
finally time to eat! been waiting since i woke up lol
After this week no more working till 10<3
He's really pissing me off.
Sighs I'm totally finna go back to bed... Sighs.... smh
Seeing a light at the end of the tunnel... Pure
Felt good to sleep in, if only I didn't have to study all day
Just another one of those nights :(
Quit being a bitch and do something
People are so ANNOYING these days !!
So on my 18th birthday I'll be playing my last first high school basketball game
Life is good man
Am I the only one really scared to give blood?
Big fan of Fliedner right now. Would vote for him for president if he ran.
When i Seen The Messaqe That Said yhu Was Scared ; Made My Heart Beat Fast; Startinq To WORRY!!
Sunday is family dinner day. Way too much food in my tummy.
Tomorrow night I play guest author at my sister's book club. I sure hope they liked the book....
Getting giddy for rihanna with powell90 bekaking libsy19
Just visited Gma at the nursing home. Her roommate is a talker and Gma yelled at her today for talking to her company O_O
If your goin through hell keep on goin dont slow down, if your scared don't show it, cuz you might get out before the devil even knows
Last day of the semester
theupbeatdad What? You mean there is no Santa?!! Oh no!!
So, my mom kicked my butt in a workout last night siobahnday nattyhawley83 nikiwheezy
Sa wakas. Makakatulog na ako sa kama ko.
I hate when people don't answer me.
Im honestly very excited about christmas this year. I get a laptop and will have a nephew <3
Ain't a woman alive that can take my momma's place
Always kiss your spouse goodnight.
Only a few hours till' Magie & Laura get here.. excited <3
why do I miss you so much..
Yall maybe sad you don't gotta car, trust me you gon wish you never had.one once ppl start askin for rides
Had mad fun last night
missing west.. really bad<//3
It's about time my parents went out & got hammered
NewGirlonFOX you seem to always brighten my day!
I hate going in public wearing my ballet clothes
at work yesterday I kept getting hiccups and then iwas in mid sentence on the phone to a customer and did a huge hiccup
11/11/11 Lets make this a good one! :)
Waiting for my girls
Omg ew, you're*   can't believe I just did that.
My bruh got two seconds to give me this damn remote!
KristinMarie213 dipping out again?
Falling asleep watching Dr No on ITV4.
Uploading videos to YouTube and interacting with the community is awesome. I'd love to do it full time but its not my main focus.
Clumsey cause am fallin in love (;
The one day I just wanna lay in bed and not be bothered, my phone has not stopped going off.
everyone knows its him you like; just date him already.
Louis_Tomlinson I'm really really proud of you, trust me. Your voice makes me always shiver, and.. yeah, I love you babe! proud x
wonders what happened to her little boy who loved falling asleep for naps and bedtime...
Oomf should be ashamed of herself
Really wish I could open my birthday present because I really want to know what it is.
kayytexas I think you wld b proud...
Making myself feel better by imagining all of these people are lined up for the eighth Harry Potter movie and not to get into McLennan.
this month, PMR result!! :O
I'm giving up my night to be a taxi driver. It's somebodys xmas bash and tig I'm giving a lift
One more month til 50 days in the upper room
wishing i went to watch the throne...
Happy Thanksgiving!!! Hosting at my house, baby's 1st Turkey Day, & it's a beautiful breezing day! thankful &
Leave it to MEN to ruin the moment
BoRockett ahh. thought I was special for a min!
Raining and short winter days, no snow,
it's funny how God works!
I take that back about dicks, 2 stores are out of something.
My parents love gettin on my nerves
Forreal tho, lose my number bruh...
Making this week's to do list for formal.. on paper, it actually looks like it's coming together!(:
Hate how I tell myself to do my work when I get home but I end up not doing it, And the process starts all over again.
Didn't talk to Bush in 4 days . . . Kinda miss his smart ass mouth . Lol im
KennMarsh I miss you :/
Actually cannot wait for itvjeremykyle christmas episodes :D love them soooo much! <3
Can't wait too hold kaitlyn ahhhhh I miss her 2 days!!!!!
..never lose sleep the things that are just out of your control..
Next time I hear somebody say anything about AOI logic, breadboards, or intergraded circuits, I will throw something.
YaLi_LaCubanita lol I already know u didn't...u looked sad lol
Nothin beats a day full of family, food, and football!
Love how my little brother is helping me with math...
Drinking all day with gaugexpression and my other girls.
tyrabanks I am so upset because of the weather the channel isn't working...
CodySimpson that's amazing! I wish I lived near the ocean for I could learn how to surf. Lol but my life is hockey<3 Love Angel 143
i have something seriously wrong with my shoulder
Sometimes you really know how to make me feel like shit .
Most people love the holiday season. I personally have hated them for the past 11 years.
Brb going to maple leaf garden..oops I mean loblaws
I hate the stop look and listen advert
No one has fucking time for me
Damn I done made a mark on my shoes already
Mom has a mouth- watering tender Boston butt and homemade Brunswick stew for tonight. Damn that lady can cook!
DanceFreakHaley bestfran where were you today??
Happy Monday everyone! Hope everyone has a great start to their week!!
Just had the most glorious sleep of my life but it was interrupted by my alarm clock.
The wreath on the door keeps hitting the door but i keep thinking someones knocking
Don't touch the little tree on the counter at DQ
Just trying to stay
Had me smiling from ear to ear
2 sets of outside lights done eekkkk
don't know if I'm gunna make it 2 more hours.........
Hard work and passion=happiness! Good news day already and it's only 10L30 AM!!
Decorating the bedroom all christmassy
Oh My, Boo did some Christmas shopping while I was at work last night, that's Early for him! Usually he goes like 3-4 days before LoL
God has blessed me with so many amazing people in my life.
i give you asian girls, a place to study & penetrate, & i give really good health advice. all i get is unflushed shits & used condoms
Violet didn't show up yet.
In the Night Garden is the perfect hangover cure, pure
116 Concert! Whoop whoop
laying with that one person yup best nap ever
I'm reading The Anthropology of Language: An Introduction to Linguistic Anthropology. I'm sure it sounds awful, but it's fascinating!
I love being sooo happy <3
Would have enjoyed happy feet 2 if my darling son hadn't needed the toilet 15 times
I'm going to have a long Friday and Saturday :/ but I leave for Shreveport in a week!
I am a fatty fat cakes. Let me go and hibernate for 30 years....
SO, SO proud of our production team at freedom_Cardiff who operated on their own tonight and did a great job
Levels started playing on the radio and I got really excited, but it turns out it was just a commercial to download the song
7 more days till christmas c:
i love when your texting someone and they randomly say they really miss you
Long day had a nice nap before babysitting :)
Wishes she was at her crush's basketball game...sigh...
Happy Thanksgiving to all the Tweeters out there!
Family History Tip: Eat more fish - Fish is high in fatty acid DHA, which can help fight depression.
Can't sleep :S
I hear niggas on some ol faggit shit back my hood ,
Shouts out to Staubin11 for callin me to ask what i want from McDonalds for my birthday
sloschhh and I match every single day
So many little bitches learn to be a MAN and stop being a little boy
Gruseke  come and stduy math with me some point of the day
Sydney_Schmitz ohh and ps. bring heathsmith8 with if she wants to come!! excited :)
DunkinDonuts why do I have to ask to have my bagel cut in half?
I guess we'll just accept the fact that my face gets reds whenever I see you.
This Parrot.. Should be named Adolf Parrotler.
I don't want to think about him anymore... Quit ruining things, you worthless piece of crap.
Walking around the gym being bored and depressed lol
Looking through the cookbook my gma got me last xmas. Gonna use it to make treats as part of my gift for ppl thiss xmas. :)
11.11.11 11:11 hs MAKE A WISH
I get seriously sad when I hear Lego House, now I've finally clicked why!! depressed :(:(
im not going to lie, i am not really impressed with Blue Slide Park.
Come on onerepublic. This is gross. I love this song. But ew.
Just made a fat beat
She is truly my pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.
i wish people would quit nagging me right meow.
WHATTHEFUUUUUCK?! HOW THE HELL ARE YOU GOING TO BLAME PARKER SCHENECKER FOR WHAT HAPPENED TO HIS CHILDREN?!
Dorothy Koomson's Ice Cream Girls is one book I can't put down until I finish reading it!
'and the house gets cold when you cut the heating without you to hold i'll be freezing'
Pretty good night tbh :)
Its funny how 'Used To Be Fat' is trending right now and yeap I'm still as fat as a mad cow!!!
I always get irritated at work when its time for me to leave ...
i wish my stupid tawtter would tweet my tweets from my phone, wah
That song is just nasty,
Feeling really useless today :(
Vaanessa11 ugh I'm so happy I'm at my dad's tonight
Chase bank is so freaking slow.
I'll tell you one thing... My drive home tonight was much better than yesterday!.. No rain, slow drivers and bugs!
Someone is pumping The Beatles through our building.
YOdude_MYhoe lol just tellin you how it is! I fuck wit u doe Vick!!
Smfh first niggaz cum to da bay still our swag nd slang now niggaz stillin beatz nd songz nd shit wow Tyga really?
on the way to Tampa to see melindaann213 and taylorswift13!!!!
I'm meeting Hazel McCallion tomorrow...
Gonna Spend Time With My Brother From Another Mother Ayoo_MillerTime and My Best Friend Tori Tonight!  EXCITED!!
VIZIOsupport how VIZIO is unwilling to resolve the issue. And how much I will NEVER purchase another VIZIO product again! disappointed.
I hate when you start to doubt something you used to be so sure of... worried.
Finally got a few things crossed off my to do list!
On my way to order books for classes....eeekkk!
Taking my toughest final in a little bit...wish me luck!
CCMercer natmx88 matt_bellingham we all must go
in our theater already :D at a slightly awkward angle but....at least we don't have to wait outside! :)
just said goodbye to patricia
dinner at my sistas tonight...a tad bit excited..
2 hrs til our appt!!!!!!
I'll be back in LA next Friday
No one ever texts me anymore.
Honestly, Apple mobile devices, we need flash as soon as possible.
my sister is da gott damn hair doctor!
Got my nzsecretsanta, ooh what to buy them
Friends, basketball , and family
I hate when there's something good on tv but I'm so tired and just pass out in the middle of watching it
xESG En me best van de best xLuckaax   sinds~99 •
Enjoy with ma friends for a while b4 packing ;)
Hey  What's up  Nothing much  Except loving you
Someone come save me from my house.
My sister's grandma gave me 100
And the just keep rolling...
Zoelee will be landing in Jozi Tuesday,
Love being with my family they are basically the only ones I can go to for anything.
God just spoke to me about doing a drill team for the youth at my church
my patriots jersey needs to come in alreadyyy
Received the best news! Shy is coming back to the DSM in January!
ROTFL SAY IT AIN'T SO.....MY BABY HEADING TO TOWN FROM SC....
Getting my first tattoo tonight! Ahhh
Cuddle fest/ Chillin with some friends. Just what i needed....
I just love staying home on a Friday night.
Hopefully after I wash this out my hair will only be ONE color
and no class until 12 30 2ma !!!!!!
Spent a good thanksgiving with the family
...Why...Everyone is just the same...
TheOneThatGotAway trends in the Philippines happiness.
See dad this is what happens when you take my phone. grr
ROBIN SODERLING ruled out of the Australian Open as he continues to battle mononucleosis/glandular fever. Has not played since July
My phones been fuckin up lately
My tears are making me stronger because the more i let it out the stronger I look at things
Love everyone who had my back today .
swaggin_sarah17 mwahhh and ikr ! :( Likee i Cn't sleep im 2 Excited ! <3
Trying to work here @ VU, but get controlled every hour! 'Workplace occupation measurement'
My mum keeps commenting on everything I post on facebook
Why can't anyone drive today?!
Good morning twittuh!  Today's word of the day is:  Sting, The Soul Cages.
jaimeneely strongly back that statement. obviously doing everything i can to avoid studying...like replying to a 3 day old tweet.
Locked my keys in the car twice in 3 days...
dreeblooded What's it like living with schizophrenia?
HairGameFckedUp dnt be scared...thats a time when u suppose to be
So happy that my whole family can hang out for the first time in months!!
Not gonna lie, I love the original Christmas movies! They are so great
Its time for me to go to sleep!
Tears may be dried up, but the heart—never. ~ Marguerite de Valois
So I guess my tire size doesn't fucking exist anymore
EVOL is LOVE spelled backwards>.< ^_^
33 days til Christmas. 
Im in class with my besty but follow me iAM_Tae15 and ill mention /promo/followback u bow
Can't wait to go home nd lay in ma own bed!!
I hate that I'm back in Palatka
we all want the same thing
yolandahysa that's how the movie ends...
The moment when your 7 year old brother sings wmyb,
chargers thanks again for all the heartbreak this season.
no ones texting me baack
So many ppl use yo name in vain
Opening up a new store kinda by yourself is pretty hard and tiring!
Is it right of me to say that ill give anything for caitlinnnrose57 just to see her smile :)
Every single one of your tweets are SO depressing.
My internship at PennState Berks.
so much to do in just a day and a half
AWebz3 woke up this morning to no CSI on the TV
jessmans LindseyPothast kmackessy lnplatt makaelabanks mmcghee65 paigeshep definitely most memorable!
erinkristen77 I dont feel special!
Some people really shouldn't have a twitter
Girl, I can't wait for WNBA to start up again!! Been waiting to watch oomf ball out!!  ;) *smile*
Starting to regain my strength, but still a little bit queasy
Hand surgeon today to find out about my surgery....
Credit card in July was close to $7000. Credit card in November is $0. & they credited me $130 for my interest.
AlexSpeeer I wish you were still at my house.
u kno i love yu wit all my heart nothin will ever change that...
Just so frustrated with everything in my life right now...
Good morning Twitter. :) 5 days 'til Eagles at Cowboys. 6 days 'til Bulls at Lakers. I'm ready! Let's get it.
Sum ppl piss me off till ii wanna kick then iin da face
lonelyplanet unexpectedly private white water rafting trip in Tena, Ecuador.Waterfalls and rainforest on both sides & nothing else
Trip on backpack before presentation, check. Do a terrible job presenting, check. It's a goodday so
MikeValenti971.... bottom of this barrel is getting deeper every day.
actually wish my mom was heree
JustinBieber .. Loveyourbeliebers :( follow me & Webieberland_ , please? :( love <3 6
The most beautiful things in life are unseen. That is why we close our eyes when we kiss, cry and dream. selenagomez pls follow me :)
Breaking dawn made me realize how much I wanted a boyfriend
SAT your scores better be up at midnight.
We had a 2hr convo this morning!
We're so connected its amazing. All the way in Europe we're still in sync
“disneywords: Life's a climb, but the view is great. –Travis (Hannah Montana the Movie)”
Okay, if you tweet more than 10 times in 20 mins, I will unfollow you. It clogs up my Twitter feed.
Have this feeling that today is gonna be a good day...(:
it's dark, cold and I want to go to bed.
ladysilk1000 getting respect from the ebony community!
About to qo see my brother for the first time in 5yrs.  Excited.
Just because your boyfriend or friend smokes doesn't mean you have to be come sucha pook..
still don't understand why love has to be so hard. thats one thing god should go easy on us for...
Imma Basketball Girlfriend <3 But One Day Imma Be His Basketball Wife Love & Basketball :)
Me and Josh are going to his grandma's.
Finna check my grades tho
Huge thanks to everyone who entered the competition, we really appreciated your support
Ex's make me sick
belovedgemm that was in Hokkaido I think...? GOING TO JAPAN AGAIN SOON.
I'm bout to go back to bed
Yes! Half 1 uit! :W
My brother is leaving early to go to a house party.
tonight: laid back inner loop country spot with fellow writers && the creme de la crew from austin.
Kylegazdag is actually wearing red!
wondering will my sisterbeautifulNena__ ever call to check up on me
Sooooo I just tripped up the stairs.....
Head killing me, wish my brother would turn his shocking music off, its raising the bloody house
Nice hearty breakfast to start the day at the 'rents.
Legs feel like they're going to fall off after my run earlier!
Why haven't you texted back...
Ooh Buxton is going to be on Granada Reports for the snow!
wish my sister wasn't home..
I just wanna walk out of this class right now. annoyed.
Quit slirping ur hot chocolate stranger on the bus
Thank you finals for not allowing me to go to Savannah and visit my Aunt for what may be the last time id ever get to see her :'(
because x sempat amek pic gan Dato Nicole David. my fav tuuuu
So glad I got rid of this toothhappy#
RedMcCord that's what I'm trying to do. The one I'm on is too small, gotta frog it and try again.
Lol death by my bby nd his controversial Dp worried Peepsta
JessicaPtak at least they gave you actual medicine!
So glad target has been completely redone
That feeling of coming home to a stocked fridge.
At the studio with the students in ny!
getting out christmas decorations
I'll just sit and watch the bubbles rise in my coke and wish you were here with me.
laurenelho I'm sure that'd work! I'll see!
joe buck can count to 2.
I wish KatieMetz would delete her account so I could use my name w/o the THE. she has 0 followers, follows 0, & 4 tweets...from 09
What is the point of thanksgiving if u can't spend it with Ýour family
When you click your pencil seventeen times hoping lead will magically appear
What's good with pawtucket and there not being hot water -_- its too early and too fuckin cold for this shit wtf.
You can break everything i am like i'm made of glass.  Try to tear me down but i will be rising from the ground like a skyscraper.
You know you love someone when you rip a hair out of their nose while they are driving
Call_Me_Tiffany Girl I Got Beyond Wasted On Saturday
Just wants this week to be done
you're really so ugly in person
Happy Thanksgiving! We bitch & moan but we really do have a lot to be thankful for! Enjoy the day! :)
Can you just stop?! For like five minutes?? Please?
I wish I could just start my life over. ; New environment, new friends [if possible], a new boo. Not asking for much . . . frustrated :'(
The girl behind me needs to stop meowing..
Teen Wolf is on! love realmikefox
Can't take the featured things  !
Its not who you are. Its who you know.
NadiaG on the Cooking Channel makes me want to break beer bottles over peoples heads.
Leaving in 2 hours and still haven't packed!
Can't wait Christmas in 6 daays! (:
why wont this shower get hot
Ma drh chérie : 1€ le dvd... Une soirée à 1€... On a quand même vu des filles a plus cher que ça
I just saw All I Want For Christmas is You VIDEO. Oh yess justinbieber and mariahcarey! You did it great!
The average time it takes me to drink a can of Brisk: 5.2 seconds
Finished Don Quixote...Lord the piece I'm going to write tomorrow night...
“tiffayez: CAN'T GET ANYTHING IN MY HEAD ARGH MON EMAT HOSEH LIAO frustrated”
The doctor said they couldn't find out where my problem was! Nobody but God!!
Stomach ache, bed early tonight
Why can't I sleep when I'm so bloody tired
Wow I feel so much better not having you on my mind all the time.
I hate when people spell everything wrong. One word is acceptable but after that you're pushing it. But in instead of ing is okay.
EPS submits grant to put a personal learning device in the hands of every student 6-12.
Tweeting on the lagoon
Hmm, it never fails
What can I tell you to make you feel better :(
rafterye I can see your having a very productive day at work! That's really not fair how can we perve on him now
a week from now i will be drunk with some of my (most of my) favorite people
License test later today!
Nothing like meeting a gay man at a tea shop and discussing scarves for half and hour!
Twitter make lame ass niggaz become a somebody
pretty woman's on tv!
listen to CalvinHarris & forgot how amazing he is!! Proud Scottish <3
So Kate Bush is releasing a new album this Christmas: 50 Words For Snow! Hounds Of Love is one of my fave albums.
Never questioned making it to Brad's family day and graduation in Parris Island, but now my parents are being weird about it
1st team all district unanimous defensive end, 1st team all district tight end , so very thankful for every oppertunity
I would absolutely LOVE it if professors made their composition corrections legible.
I might be getting a new phone today!
marygrace_frost I feel ya. Omg & my face is breaking out for no reason
Too lazy for my own good. .sad !
One of my biggest pet ppeeevvees EVER: when people take credit for shit they didn't even do....
HateFreeFriday Thank you for the HFF mention Sending
Yeah!!! JCrossover is a blazer! Great decision. You won't regret it. Portland will give you much
this curry has brought down my perception of BirdsEye_Bear food professionality
I love when people stay after practice an get extra balls an shit. Makes me happy!  
Why do people gotta be so sloppy?
abbeyspurlock you be kicking some assssss
Soup, fireplace & watching christmas shows.
Oh Polar Express! I've watched you ten times and yet still love you!
To say my sisters are having a bad day is an understatement. Wish I was there.
I seriously hate my writing teacher. Just takes off so many points for dumb things
Chatting with my brother through BBM. We're one wall away from each other.
10 yrs ago i couldnt see myself in the position that i am today
ToneItUp MissRisse That is soooooooo good!! Such a HUGE deal!! Yay!
Where's the Dayton team that won the Old Spice Classic?
LittlecBeadles Okay, We love you Christian
I love you, you love me too ;$
Today is the tomorrow that you worried about yesterday worrying is stupid!
Finally have what I'm wearing for the concert happy: Finally have what I'm wearing for the concert
Nc for christmas though.!!
May your neighbors respect you, Trouble neglect you, Angels protect you and Heaven accept you.
My early college nickname was Queen Macadocious. They knew from the start...this Queen Pimp. It's natural. What can I say?
I've never wanted to be with someone so bad :)
@ the TDSB's Dare to Dance competition...
I really don't wanna go to school
say it with me ANNOYING!
ChelseaEstr3lla In the end you end up doing everything. -___-
Ugh. That is my biggest pet peeve.
I wanna see baby Jayln so badd!!!
Google when I press the turkey nothing fun happens...
only my boyfriend would get on one knee in the middle of downtown and pretend to propose.... real funny!
Can't find the sweater I want
This day turning to shit
People who send the same text over and over.
I'm tired of hearing abt kids commin up missing/killed smh
I'm Going Asleep'
Got me some new workout shoes & hit the gym! ... Now I'm
I hate people that talk on the phone while driving, make a dumb mistake and then look at me like I did something wrong!
This is a realy longday .  Ready for the holidays!!
You really don't know how proud i am to be one of the 15MILLIONBELIEBERS. We are a family. We are growing so fast. PROUD.
Why is it that when you get your hair cut it looks amazing up until you leave the hairdresser?
Today is about to be extra good
I feel so alone without you , whats wrong with me?
EthanJSkolnick Looking forward to your full-length features on the top 40 players on the Dolphins draft board.
Amos lee in schiletter!
i just sneezed atleast 485 times in 30 seconds
Te reagalo un +1 dCualquierColor por ser mi seguidor 8 de mi blog, gracias :D!
Booked my ticket for t4 stars of 2011..
I must say, paying for my Starbucks with my iPhone will never get old.
marcella_xox awesome possum! Night gurl! Hope you had a great bday today! :) omg. Did I really just say awesome possum?
A beer in one hand and home-made popcorn in the other.
dlloydneighbors u moved on...i didn't!! I can't believe u!!
Ayude a muchas personas el dia de hoy proud.
I really wish my pinterest app would work.
It's days like this that I miss u the most.. We were 2gether 4 almost a year... :( but I guess that didn't matter 2 u....
havent really tweeted that much in the past week
Everyone knows I have a housekeeper & I'm about to wash my own clothes Proud lol
I hate showering when I am home alone
you manage to put me in the worst mood every single night
Almost to 2,000 tweets..id almost have 3000 if my twitter didnt get shut down & then opened up again...
Just ran with the new iPhone and RunKeeper app. There are no words...
But you don't even deserve to be uhhhhh.  Oh my god.
Im alive and Its a beautiful day!
I know things get hard but girl you got it girl you got it there you. Can't you tell by how they lookin' at you everywhere you go. <3
Come on now! That's what twitter is all about!
Loveking704 oh wow big daddy..lmfao I can not cook but I can warm Yu up some shit ...the microwave and oven are my two bestfriends
ugh i gotta go back to grand valley.
One step forward two steps back
No one understands me...
That even more awkward moment when you have access commas.
im going on a 7 day cruise wifffff mah boobooo
some people are a right joke!
Today had a more positive end
i've been in bed since 10
Fitzgerald test tomorrow!
That's crazy the season start on Dec.25 Cus i said ALL I WANT FOR CHRISTMAS IS THE NBA.! Lol that's
I hate those accounts that randomly spam you with links and shit
Reyes to Marlins. I'm gonna miss you Jose, watching the Mets won't be the same for a while
I'm getting a little bit stronger!
lizabethmarie_9 hahaha he was talking about
Goodwin tonight boys and did that just happen?
Wake up drunk go to sleep fucked upp
The reff population in mater academy is full of a bunch of idiots holy shit
Just urban dictionaried some of the words people say to me. Sad to say, I'm kind of shocked.
Wow, it's like i be talkin to crash test dummies... One word and their head rolls off!
My prince charming is on his way <3
I hate I'm allowed only 140 characters to tweet!
Just got out accelerated by a woman in a van...I am so full of shame.
this day couldn't have came at a more perfect time
abbysommer thatawkwardmoment when someone could not be a bigger hypocrite
Delallo Pepperoni Rolls are the best, along with Shop n' Save's
Picking up the Puppy Tomorrow (:
Not how I wanted my night to end..
JoleenChaney let's talk about Austin soon!  Its Awesome!  Hope your Thanksgiving is wonderful!
WhatTheChuckkkk ScooterMcGavinn this apartment is ill
A lot of people need to save themselves the hassle & not speak to me. I'm not fit for public consumption today.
That feeling when you get tired after eating too much.
Trini_mitz modeminho it really is a big part of the culture and tradition that will not die
The Ping Pong Song.. Is the shit
Parents are so overprotective.. Would you trust me for once?
I love how no one ever listens to me. Thanks. Now I'm screwed
Why have my Skrillex tickets not come yeeet?!
A stupidbitch I hardly know just ruined Boardwalk Empire for me. Unfortunately I'm going to have to ruin it for scottytoodope as well
Got my internet back!!
Get your OWN ideas!
I havent missed one day of cheer since august :)
19 tweets away from 20,000
It's disgusting that I used to let people get in the way of me being me.
i feel like this could really end badly
Gonna be a good day! Can't wait to see my mom kimbosisk
Tater is the worst dancer on MKE
Just for the record, that ref made a bullshit call on aTm -____-
I just hope no one steals my lunch today.
First EASTWEST practice tomorrow nervous !! gocatsgo <3
Girls and I are sprawled on the carpet looking through the WorldVison catalog picking out animals to give.
David remembered some things! When he did, the negative left and strength came!
We are playing terrible!
I wish getting drunk was a profession
this spam shit is really stupid.
Bored! Well goin black Friday shopping later on! EXCITED ;)<3
dont think discovering buyeyelashes will be healthy for my bank account
Parents: Constantly changing their minds.
Missing out on Thanksgiving at the satchel. depressing LittleJacobSays NvK93 Joey6019V mdraper6 ChrisPennisi
Today is payday , Soooo
SOUTH AFRICAN BELIEBERS: justin will be on Ellen tonight! I can't wait
I honestly believe that I'm gonna have to retake two of this semesters classes again..
Why does Target always feel the need to schedule me outside of my availability hours?
Had to jog a mile today. 7m41s. Better than how I thought I'd do.
Why do you have to argue with me about everything?
DarioMouse Eeeeee! I'm gonna hold you to it mousey :3 Excited!
qwghlm Something something Spurs something websites that auto-tweet from your account something something 10 items or less.
illbethere for my friends through thick & thin <3
Ok, some of this 'backward' episode isn't even following the correct order.
You've been Extraordinary in every way :) GeorgeMichael Hope you are feeling good HoHoHo... May God continue to bless you & yours ;)
Is super excited that her dictionary app is updating. geek nerd but
I saw Ryan dunn in Beverly hills a week before he passed!
On my way to our church...  Tonight we are feeding Thanksgiving dinner to 200 families!!!!
bout to take my final exam for this college class !
This job is messy ...grown ass women !!!!!!! 40&up
Exotic pet store today !
actually paid attention in class when i wasn't tweeting.
You guys are so sweet! I've never had people compliment me like this before. lol
Leona Lewis wise up
worldsstrictestparents it's a shame when they waste their lives. You can still party, hold down a job and have an education.
Tripping over your own feet in front of a lot of people
My butt looks so good today
Thank you Lord for waking me up this morning you didn't have to but you did  
The man above let us see another day!!!
Who in Sam's Hill would put their female part on twitter! That is freakin disgusting!
chyk_D u denying right? I know.
I just saw the most disturbing picture ever on fb of a girl that shitted in her draws..like WTF?..
Well imma need michaels kids to crack a smile or at least look like they wanna be there! They look like their cracked out.
finally friday(: 2 days till Christmas break
Up early, praying and listening to my father sleep in my bed. We both needed this.
Arsenal come on the gunners!!! Not long now!
My boyfriend just took out a loan to buy a new car to impress my family
why can't I sleep in past 10
100prayingwomen God, life, family, friends, and my enemies! Thankful....
appreciate it if u made the TakeOver ya avi.. that's
Finally going to bed! So pumped for tomorrow and this entire weekend! (:
Congratulations to all the graduates today!!
OMG. i just screamed at these random people that walked into the computer room.
no school, no work, CHILLIN!
hates saying gooddbye for the holidays but can't wait to say hello to A LOT of people
the present is just spodfherjfogperigji
When my grandma tries to get into my business and begins asking me a million questions
Lol everyone is out to piss me off tonight I guess...
MY BESTFRIEND JUST TEXT ME BACK MAN......I MISS THAT GIRL SO MUCH
2 closets full of clothes and yet i find nothing to wear.....
LArmellino I know she thinks she's annie oakley, I was livid when she shot Daryl.. I didn't know season finale was next week.
Very close to creating the new LotusDP site!
MIKE CARDEN AND I HAVE THE SAME FAVE BEATLES SONG AND ME AND billbeckett DO TOO OMG.
Am watching an AMAZING concert w/Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers on HDNet (special guest, Stevie Nicks!)
some people really dont have a heart
The thought of triple history tomorrow
Omg these skullcandy earphones are terrible.
I love my black people ....
Waking up for class should be a crime
Prolly the worst vacation
we are out of soy-milk and i cba to go to the shop
When the cheapest thing you've ever wanted no one got you. Michael Buble's Christmas Album. LOL
justinbieber the video was AMAZING! and so were your performances and guests! great job tonight Bieber!
What is the point of dirty language? It doesn't make you cooler.
Mañana viernes 11/11/11
Dan7Wardle deal, this deal can go through tomorrow
I hate when people spoil movies etc! Why would you tell someone what happens!!! Ughhhh
Can not express how much Thanksgiving and Christmas time excite me!
SlovakMoon I know. My Mum's just texted me to tell me she fell over this morning too.
I hate it when your two bestfriends arnt friends...
He doesn't need you, rather, He WANTS you
That feel when a 3-minute call turns into 12 minutes because the customer can't understand the concept of a data cap.
I can't believe how stupid I am. This PSAT score definitely won't be getting me a scholarship
Mr ik ken miladimitricx al wel xx
So blessed to have an awesome family. Honestly can't beat the Thanksgiving prayers of my grandmother.
Allow getting Skinned by Chris Samba
There is an extreme couponer sitting in front of me!
I'm so grateful for the amount of grace in my life
Heading to Albany, NY! 
I got 2 tske home finals now that's
Sooooooooooooooooooo...My Grandpa's coming today.....Be prepared for awesome quotes......
If im the choreographer and i put u with a partner there is probably a reason y ur with them.. Stop complaining
kellieplouffe lucky! I wish I got cookies and cream I got maple brown sugar
We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same. -Carlos Castaneda
One preseason game and all y'all sucking the Clippers off.
I'm dying at work!!!! tired annoyed lol
KrissyConroy you've really fallen off your twitter game!!!
The moment you get into the car and your mom has justin biebers christmas album on:)
SLoesch26 realtomkelly u really r making me sick
USM drove all da way down here and beat USA??
I hate you Johnny you are actually taking the piss. I love Mitsu, Gaya and Tama but really? The other FOUR are in kismai too!
Can't wait until the group cyclone trail tonight on imacelebrity :)
I'm so lazy.
On the way to paintball with AFROTC HUA !!!!
Super Happy Ng Friday Ko.
Woo thankgiving wish came true :D going to the parade xP
Everyone is getting accepted
Ahhh! Going to my first LSU game Sunday! (: excited.
I love my mom's cooking Soo much! It's keeping me so healthy!
swoozi Oh. I thought you were a cast member in one of the newer seasons.
In bed by 8:30?
swear down my hair's so much shorter than it was like 2 hours ago,
Girls on my floor screaming for no reason. annoying!!
justinbieber home for the holidays concert!! jk didn't get tickets..
Was putting up my Christmas tree n the lights won't work about to trash this crap n get a new pre lit tree!
nevermind i get it now
justinbieber Argentina misses you! All the BELIEBERS LOVE YOU 1
That meeting went great!
ever wonder why the littlest things can bother the ever-living shit out of you??
found shoes last night for the wedding extravaganza next weekend!  Black and grey with a bow.
Going to fly kites tomorrow with buttermymuffinz and my Asian club mates.
I don't TRUST words I TRUST Actions
3 more days :DDD
So if I won't reply for 5mins , he's Gina send me a warning text if I don't reply for another 7 mins it's like world war 3. Hahay
Exciting times! Xmas around the corner and the hard work from sales team paying off.
I guess I won't be gettin my chilli cheese fries smh
Gonna have FRESH centrepieces, an insane amount of door prizes 81 to be exact, a fabulous meal, a magic show... Its gonna be great!
getting married in the morning!!!
Every time I see a ball pit I think of the dirty diapers and needles that are probably at the bottom of it.
Storming the field when you are ranked higher than the other team...
Someone broke my guitar:'(
That moment when you didn't pop the zit you were trying to but a bunch of little ones around it.
I really hope father can fix my laptop or else I will lose 2690 songs!!! I will have to cry (for hours) if that happens.
Guess who just got popped on by a bird...indoors!!! RabbiRochelle
AlisonMurraay I remember singing 'I'm a woman on a mission' .. Hmm
stop being a stalker
Wearing my UK shirt!
Chris_Palliser not raining in Kitimat.
I would be lost without my friends and family.
Ugh I just want to feel better! I can't take being sick any longer! FML!
The trouble is I don't find the PERFECT gift!! >.<
Well I guess my one birthday wish for Drake to tweet/retweet me wont happen  
LIL_SUR3_THING my mom did too
Yahooo!!! I got myself 2 mango belts!!! Lovely!! I'll wear one now
I have endless patience for those that I love... It's tough at time but I never lose it! proud lol
I just got fitted for my job uniform... I made it look good tho lol :)
I Though u really cared or changed and actually tl3t 3'lat f el etnin =S
Best friends have the joy of having a conversation, no one can understand
Can't manage baseball....
Blackmore_ESPN Imagine Jones vs. JDS?
;;Happy birthday to my baybehhh :) shesadumbass muahaha.
when I'm with you nothing else matters :)
I guess my Christmas wish would never come true. justinbieber ain't gonna follow me. *sigh* depressed followbackplease muchlove 9
shopping is the perfect study break
First game today in chapman!
Playing scrabble by myself isn't as fun as playing it with El__Nino7 or Lutzenkirchen43
Gutted KirstieMAllsopp Handmade Britain has ended! BUT.. Handmade Christmas soon!
Seriously what is up with these spam tweets?!
People misuse words like they misuse their relationships ..
Degrassi Goes Hollywood is on
I looked at the clock at 11:10 and next time I checked it was 11:12....
cooool how my dad's at home but he still won't opick me up from school.
Just got done ordering my hammer pants online.. =)))
Some people write some right pointless shite on Twitter!
WorstInventionEver a weighing maching :/
Thank goodness I passed!  :)
_dougiee Wow wrong person haha
thatawkwardmomentwhen your singing at the AMA's and the camera catches you singing the wrong words
sjballerforlife does that sound good? (;
That blehh feeling. -___- But the text from you makes it all better.  ^-^
When you put someone elses happiness over yours, when you hurt when they do and you're happy when they are.. that's love.
i hate when i am given such a hard time about EVERYTHING..
Love how I do things for people but they can't do anything in return.
Its alot broke mf out here that flex like they got it but aint got shit to show for it
i didn't see Nakeara_Nicole today :(
thingsimthankfulfor My amazing friends and family(: they're the best! & God, for blessing me with what all that I have.
Zeina_04 <3 ____ <3
I don't invest my money let alone my time, into non-ambitious ppl, half ass schemes, or terribly put together proposals.
itsAmySnyder I think a few of them do, they just don't care.
This is already getting old
boyfriend time! then maybe with kdillon00 if he'll ever text me back.
The lovely meoglesbee just walked through my front door :)
Lisatella omg!! Hunger games books!!
El puré de KFC
Finally back home. Home cooked meal waiting for me. All my family.
1 week till my 17th birthday :)
I hate people who think everything someone does is about them ugh.
sammyfisher80 kids in this class (u know nwho I'm talking bout) just HAVE to answer EVERY question first...annoying af
Personal statement done...now to send my application off...
All we need is love. Love is all we need. It may hurt sometimes, but its a part of life. <3
People are soooo negative and it's
Had a wonderful conversation on making Panoramic Landscapes with a close friend.
Tia just did the cutest thing.. She looked like a meetkat and not a dog though
Ugh Why My Auntie Come Down Here With Her Crying Son.
Driving lesson and shopping tomorrow. Happy.
I want my brown hair back...
I don't know what to say to make this any better
gettin all this TSU paperwork done . . i swear my heart jst dropped
Starting to work on megatron_duhh christmas present.
I hate when you leave
Ahh iGotta Start Getting And Everything o; Excited! :D
I love my job and the people I work with!
I hate when boys do to much to impress me like Wtf so
BravoAndy your not doing the new years eve wig drop? :(
Cool ignore my question, that's always awesome
I'm 3 for 3 with the colleges!
Midnight showing starts at 1202??? Whattt???
If there is anybody is this world that makes me more mad then Satan does, it goes to my mom
First time that i take my time to study for a test proud.
Brother Just Got In Trouble AGAIN & He Just Got Outta Trouble.
4 more days till christmas :D <3
There is nothing more comforting than cuddling w/ 2 kitties.
KateASimpson I want it!!! Where was you last night?? Disappointed. X
It's not even right how much attention you get for
Colbyfasholby last day of break maybe?
Wow I guess not everyone has MANERS! Seriously were you raised by fucking wolves!?!
And on my first visit back to stratford.. What do I see.... Some dude get super headbutted right next to me...
christmas party with the family
Wen u get distracted n dnt listen in class cuz all ur doing is thinking of that 1 special person ;)
My mom still hides Christmas gifts 0_o way to hold on to a dream pope, way to hold on!!!!
Finally get to leave the house
Welp looks like a new car for me from my mommy lol .......mine is pretty much fucked and I'm tired of putting money into it...!
Ughhh its so hard waking Nige up when he is in a deep sleep
Through all the drama i can always depend on my mama
In I'll do what ever you saw cuz you the boss.....
MCastroMusic I'm really gonna look forward to that :)
Lol!!!“prettysenia: BILLYBROADWAY rozaydray Bit he kept singing anyway and his Uncle always wearing red! thankful”
Am i really up this early...
Ow my bottom!
NEW VID. TOMORROW of jwinno :) Can't wait..
I gained 5 lbs back
steven_daun aw Steve, I've had such a perfect couple of days!
Temple vs villanova men's game
Blessed with another day god has a plan for me
i see the change already!
nikkisixx HAPPY BIRTHDAY, hope you get to rest up today and you're treated like a king. Too bad Ms_Courtney_B can't be with you today
Aight your kids been cryin for a half hour now. Shut his ass up.
When someone I've never met before comes round to me dancing in my bunny babygro
It should never take this long to remove contacts
I don't understand anything my teacher talking about in my arabic class
everyone in the whole place was just staring at her crazy ass... & me -_-
Spending my night at imAshinnBluntss pad. !! (:
It's funny how the best way my brother can think to get me back is by flushing the toilet while i'm in the shower. Ha
Bout to choke ma cat
And too bad I wasn't talking about you either...?
no homework this weekend.
GemmaSunnucks stop turning the outside light on.
My mornings now suck with no bud and broadway
Were like 6 years more immature than them so they can suck our dicks tedgerlyd joellen_kentner
Got my interview for uni today....nervous :/
iM_Hypothermic tjlee31 yes! In his house somewhere, now it's dead.
char_hill Im coming over tomorrow, kay? lol.
I hate to have to repeat myself because idiotic people don't listen the first time
justinbieber you are so powerful that by just pressing the reply button,you could make this girl happy for the rest of her life.
lydfrazier I miss you too! :( but I get to see you tonight.
worstpartaboutthehighlands way too loud examweek and party next door and loud cars
Cant wait to be on a plane tomorrow night headed to Minneapolis! I've missed my fav city!
Gonna have fun no matter what tonight with Kefrancisco  
NHL_Oilers are on and I'm sitting at Official_WEM waiting for Breaking Dawn to start.
Just added up my budget for the Xmas holidays after bills and stuff! And Still got presents to buy..
So happy to get back in the GROOVE of things
NoDisrespect bt S/O to the 1s dat had nobody to look up to or depend on nd thats on they shit
Is on her way t leedssss
claire_paul enjoy your day hun c u tonight x x
One Word; Four Letters; 30 Million Different Meanings
just landed in tampa ...one more flight until i get to see my family!! daddy and doggy are picking me up!
Argh. I'm never a fan of musical episodes and this one is not changing my pattern.
Let your heart sing & your feet dance. Send the Joy out on the song!
I never do what I say I'm going to. I'm getting very tired of it but only I can change it.
i love my brother! he can always make me smile even when im having the worst of days
Job interview went great
Stuck inside reading on a nice ass day. That's what I get for procrastinating
-My baby qt 10days til she turns 3 .!!!!
So the kids just told me that they where trying to smoke paper full if pencil shavings yesterday! We really need to pray for our kids!
If you love that special someone. Don't stop at anything to get them.
Just thinking about all of these notecards I have to make to study for part two of this AP history exam tomorrow.
Give me all the peace and joy in your mind.
Someone's  is playing Skyrim.
I'm seeing Jill_Shrug2xs next week. :)
Had a good night last night for the bday
My work placement got approved, starting on january 16th at Gelderland Vakbladen
Some people just don't get it.
To all military men & women, I salute you today & everyday! You do a job each & every day tht sum couldnt do! I appreciate you all!
My bra smash tired to call me but I have no minutes
justinbieber OHMYFREAKINBIEBER I'm so excited for Believe!!! I'm pretty sure that it will be AMAZING! EXCITED SWAG ;)
It's gonna be a lloooonnnngggggg day!!!! Double today. Last day at Lucky as a sales person.
MikePrice76 lmao. No, just whistling to pass the time.
Is the rain really necessary on the days that i decide to straighten my hair?
recording How the Grinch Stole Christmas tonight
really need to start revising - driving theory test in dec, theatre studies resit in jan, a2 mocks in jan. TIME TO PANIC!
Qu'est-ce que ça peut me réconforter quand ma petite soeur me fait des câlins ..
ahhh a lot to look forward to in the next 3 weeks :):)
jordanmcmanaway um I texted u today! and I was so happy when I saw u reply. oh wait, you DIDNT text me back
I hate it when guys brag
if you were actually a fan, you would want more and more people to like him. so just quit.
If I do it will be for you :)
For the first time in my life I can't sleep
my big bro jus bought me a burrito from taco bell
Why do people sit at green lights for a year before they go
Going shopping soon, then going to go get the Christmas tree out of storage excited haha
Niggas are so grimy! They'll have a gf. But still talk to others like why have a girl if u.still feel the need to talk w other girls
Get your shit straight. If you still fucking talked to me then you would know that shit was not for you.
I did my National Hero history project on you! AnyadeRogue XD
I dont wanna ruin this.
Im back.. Good night last night! had the crack met new people and caught up with some friends at Carl's
My life will be complete when my other half TaliaaNicole gets home
Lord have mercy on us, can you believe that is someones twitter bio in REAL LIFE? lmaooo
my 4th period is filled w/ a bunch of idiots.
Rainy Days.. Rainy Days... Rainy Days... I had such a Great Day & Going to bed Early
In PR with the best ppl in the world ... Can't beat that!! Can't wait to see all my loves!! <3
So uhhh wheres my friendss
I haaaaaaaaaate not being able to figure stuff out on my own. HATE.
MacMiller Concert tomorrow so excited! Going to be the best show of the year (atleast in tucson)
Watching KimKardashian and KourtneyKardash take new york with the sistasss <3
I reallly need all the points I can get in this class
Hannah_levin I miss you come home
My heart is broken! ShannonBrown left the lakers :( depressed </3
kelseydarling_ so sad!!!!!!:( what the hell!
All I wanted to do was sleep in and I wake up to a random woman walking around measuring my room
Wish I could sleep
I now hate Mor_Mor1999. You ruined my life.
First basketball game on Wednesday excited.
First house viewing for next year
I never thought out of all this time.
stranger_dang3r sternyyy Mammy_Clark alystaaaa car rides back from lifting
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out
HannahMapes why is sheff your first choice?! Haha thought Leeds was and not yet they've said they received it today ....
The girl next door needs to learn to bite her lip or a pillow or anything just not squeel loud enough to wake me up! Disgusting!
Think in gonna switch things up today :D excited!
Fab clearly got a ride or die and he worried about anything bitches
Flipping back and forth between end of survivor finale and uconn women
No school ni hoy ni mañana :)
Bitch, please.
Waiting for the games to start
Presenting my graduation project today.....nervous!!!!!!
Has had more problems with these stupid wisdom teeth than is acceptable.
Now that I lost appetite no thanks to him, wondering if I should watch the last 3 mins of Flower Boy Ramyun Shop ep 13...
samsalsa83 pfft xbox wins hands down! I'll give you the one about bluray though :/ keep passing me on a morning but no wave
Why does the girl behind me have pop rocks sizzling right beside my ear?
Omw to the airport:)..colombia for a week
Opening the heart & being present in every moment is an enormous goal. Start by being Present with an open mind.~
mozzymod you're not outside the library this morning for the chats
Jules6210 is the most amazing person I know
Why do people complain about bvb or anyone in this case wearing makeup? Everyone has their insecurities, who are you to judge.
dihanio nialler67 I'm gonna be there
It feels good to be here
Emergency exit seats sir? ... Yes please,  I don't mind if I do!
so glad konnie kuq doesnt do xtra factor anymore.. wouldnt be able to watch it lmao
That's Matt Stafford - the media's Week 3 future HOF'er with his 3rd pick of the day.
EBS was such a good exam!
Also ready for the finale of the therapist!!! Gonna be mindblowing
I can't never get a nap without being interrupted
was it a good party? i couldnt tell from the millioooonnnn statuses you made..
Home alone all day
I wanna do my homework but then again I don't cause I really hate homework
Znáte to, jak vůbec nevnímáte nějakej zvuk, dokaď vás na něj něci neupozorní, ale pak ho nemůžete vystát?
We Get Out At 1 , No School Monday And Tuesday Get Out At 1 On Wensday Then Got A Trip Thursday LOVE!
sarahmariastark first thing when jim walks in the door oh atta baby, how are youuu!? lele, whats up? oh hey sarah.
i feel like watching a scary movie but have no one to watch it with
I feel like my feet are going to fall off.
Im Taking a Nap. Bbl, love!
The text PiNKYYs_loovee just sent me :) excited >>
My Spanish neighbour is louder than me
My ma cooking up some good ish right now.
Reward for finishing mid-trimester exams - coffee & vego bagel from Jungle Juice.
Racing's National Hunt season got truly underway this weekend.Excited.
Siempiebrug LewisHamilton YES!!!!! :D :D :D It's been a long time coming!! :D
July_Horizon <3 Yeah,sis alot <33 To name few - Break of dawn,heal the world,heaven can wait..Wbu ? :)
Titusdauck good to see you!
I really hope i passed these finals(:
2/2 on sunday fire alarms after midnight
OH AND GOOD MORNING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!....I'm headng to NY today
Seriously need another job!!
Tonight is going to be awesome! Going to be with Wyatt and best friend :)) Excited!
If You Need Help I'm Here Follow'orDM«requirestofollowme I'm Helpful Experienced LOVE. «6
There is nothing more awkward than not knowing anyone at ACT then getting done early and having to wait on your mom to pick you up.
FillWerrell im following  _DoseQuisMan_ and u dont follow me.....
Not 1 but 2 new episodes of real world.
AnastasiaDuck has just helpfully pointed out that it's Thursday & not Friday. Clearly, I'm going insane. I do apologise.
Based on psychologic study, a crush only lasts for a maximum of 4 months. If it exceeds, you are already in love.
Found kelly_clarkson my life feels complete.
MrKeiron Are you dissing my chinos?
Me and my group just made a fool of ourselves in drama
Damn I love my life
Bout ready to start cooking the feast, should be finished a little after darkness falls
Brownie pralinoise/noix de pécan home made
MY GROOTSTE DROOM IS DAT YStijd & justinbieber  & onedirection me gaan followen <3
I won a karaoke contest tonight! acomplished happy (:
My mom is a fucking bitch sometimes.
Didnt know i would get emotional driving through maryville
Can't wait for saturday(: get to see some of my fav Dallas boys(;
You know your doing something right when every time you check your email there is another Blessing!! UrbanVineswc
can't wait to meet my new niece tomorrow. (: born 11.11.11
Dear mom, would you like to babysit for me? No? Then stop asking how things are going. I am not 15 anymore! Sincerely,
I'm really sweet bt 2 a certain degree I don't accept any Bull Shit 4rm any1
about to spoil the giggly mood next door.
I Love All My True Friends
Intense rehearsal. So many secrets in this show. ITS INSANE!
Just one more week and I'll be home for Thanksgiving break.
Stop talking about me and leave me alone. I don't even talk to you anymore. We both moved on. At least I have.
Fucking hate waiting, my appointment was at 11.
Thought i could trust you
wish i was at our weekly RHA dinner :(
Bad day? Guy problems?
MattSchochNL I was hoping for an animated Matt Schoch running circles around a crying robot
Get to see Leah nd the babe tomorrow.... Just wish he coulda met my mom too.
When love hits you in the face.
I Need too Change my Fucking Avi
alandosoakai oh!!.... Mad Monday is it??.
Everyday, I fight back the urge to text you or talk to you, telling myself that if you wanted to talk to me, you would...
Ahh second show tonight
- This Is Whyy I Wanna Cut My Hair Off , Too dayumm Much && Too Dayumm Long ! *
You say things to make yourself look good.
Can't picture myself with no one but you, and I think I got it right this time. :)
Somedays I think too much
Hahahahaha, the smallest things are making me happy!
Made a house on AoS with zhang :)
Been here for a hour and its pretty slow..
The ENTIRE internet is being slow.
all this rain makes me horny
Still no call about my car.
JackWilshere make sure you return immediately coz those crappy individuals there might abduct you
first fear factor kind of sucked i must say.
Gotta love writing papers!
I'm starting to miss it already!!! :(
oh god tomorrow is going to be crazy rgtkjerlktherkjth
I don't understand.. You're always changing your mind. frustrated.
I can't wait to see Northwest perform the Legally Blonde musical in March.
Need some me work done.....
Why is kendallg132 never hereee!
Wishes some people could buy braincells!!!
Time to Bioshock 2 it up
sweats&&long sleve shirts<3
Damn these 2 little kids! -,-
I'm ready for Christmas Paul_Riot_Rials :)
flipboard still not working right with read items in google reader. Leaving them in the Que....
I've definitely grown up since the beginning of the semester.
Just drive that R32 500+ HP to the crib !
Omg ion got nobody number & I cnt find my back up assistant app
Nu naar eelde xx
Hurry up danieltosh !!! Nashville is ready! :)
I can't fucking fall asleep... How fucking hard is it to ktfo frustrated.
What is it with people letting you down?
Someone should text me...phone ain't been jumping all day...
WHAT SHOULD I DO TODAY?? :D give me some fun and creative things to do :D I'll do it and post pics if I can!! :) pls lovely followers!
I haven't been to the gym all week and I must say...it feels pretty good!
i mess up at the performances too,and i've had incidents happen but i still do it,so bIAtch suck it up and quit complaining!
How do girls at college manage to piss on the seat! disgusting!
We did an experiment in my tuition classs.
That shit was a slap in the face
Shopping at the Crossing's tomorrow with JuliaMeres! :D
f u c k you eggs!!
Seriously 2 years ago Justin Drew Bieber were nobody , But now even street named JUSTIN BIEBER <33
i hate when i have songs stuck in my head
Back and forth bitching between two people through tweets not messages...
one more comment, and ima say something.
Cafe Nero with dad after a nice shopping trip
I don't understand how boys can even do no shave November
I think I've bin lazy with my writing lately. Gotta do something ASAP. My blog's bin dormant for months now. I'm going in!
No service in the damn house im in..
cannot wait till christmas feel like a lickul kiddy again,
HilaryyMcC probs a good idea. Plinda scary thinking about you carrying a gun.
Popcorn-check, soda pop- check!  MUPPET TIME!!!
shikolaptop walalala sema mama?! fikad volar hoping to see you disappointment !
I hate waiting for the scores for a test
Officially have terrible fantasy luck
Facebook is becoming pornbook!
Dayum shame I done hurt and been hurt in my past I'm scared to be
Got 48/48 in my circle theorem test!
Going to see Breaking Dawn Part 1 tonight!!!
One more day til Ayoo_Leoo's getty (:
iAM_theonlyONE has motivated me today!...
feel like I have no one to talk to tonight.
Massively looking forward to learning how to pull the perfect pint of Coors Light at ADELPHIpreston later.
it sucks when you make a half court shot and no one seen it and believes you
These girls were talking badly of a girl sitting behind them & now they are talking to her like she's their best friend
Today was seriously funny. realtalk but I do miss jamieispresent. CHRISTMAS BREAK CHRISTMAS MOVIE MARATHON.
That awkward moment when a fat guy cockblocks you away from a hot guy.
Along with other things, heard from one of my really good friends after a long time - so thankful.
Yesterday was for the birds...wasn't feeling it! Today I'm
Im so sleepy! Lol but with all this excitement ...I can't sleep!!! excited!!!!!!¡!!!
I feel bad for the little girls with birdheads for mothers,that's what they're gonna grow up to be most likely. Smh,
ramla_soni ha, id love 2see u fal in the snow n yh i cn tell; mos of the ppl inloxo r fake anyway; jac ur fone proves ppl r selfish :s
Yay ! Mes parents sont ok pour me payer la moitié de la Xbox !
I hate when the person you care about just completely stops talkin to you, and you have no idea why.. sad :(
I hate waiting on people
Midnight twilight movie tonight :)
youuu alll need to shut up
My oh my, girl you have changeddddddddd...
1st of December and I haven't bought an advent calender to open yet
Googling gluten-free. It looks like I'll have to say goodbye to my favorite foods
Going to my grandparents to get dinner and a much needed break from campus before spending the night in the library  
Miami, officially the most hated team in NBA history filled with players taking pay cuts to win. The anti NYK. Welcome SBattier
Perfect ending to a perfect day
All done now and ready to o see lee avens EXCITED :D x
“What is that you express in your eyes? It seems to me more than all the print I have read in my life.” Walt Whitman
Why the hell is this guy so comfortable right beside me though??
Why does twitter always randomly unfollow people?
The time I thought the computer knew who I was but infact Andrew had swapped the keyboards!
Mygehd. Girl, shut up
didn't think it was possible to actually loathe someone
B96MichaelHorn Did u see Sandusky's wife called the accusers liars? And she said she never witnessed anything in their home.
Just because you love someone don't mean there going to love you back
RedBrickMan There is a wind advisory - the winds were suppose 2 get up 2 100mph. So far it hasn't happened. thankful :)
Have my two favorite classes tomorrow!
I hate living next to a mall
Nicoolkid11 sjmcnally I'm so thankful for you girls too! I love you both! Can't wait for our study date tomorrow!
I just want this year to be over with already.
justinbieber 10th december, this is justin bieber airs on ITV! Wooooooooooooop! EXCITED!
Ronald_C_Stern no problem!! And thank you, it's awesome to hear that!!!!
So I guess our schools sinks are the community's urinals now...
Cant wait to give presents excited :)
First day of work at my new job!
the fact its november nd im walkin around with no jacket on in va. :)
At the omni theater watching polar express!
SF's Balboa High School students are UNBELiEVABLE!
I can't believe i looked that heffa in the face everyday .
surfsuprydout A day without love is a day without life
On my way to meet up with friends from long ago... Last met c.1982!
Thanking god for waking me up this morning because some people didn't get a chance too.
I can't do without her /:
...it's been a few years but I just ran into that monster which shares the same noise as my childhood alarm clock in Sonic CD.
No regrets just a great day! :)
got to stay focused on this PLAY.!
NJHowarth smoking  just isn't the same without you! :(
If you don't stop fishing for compliments I'm gonna start smothering you in insults.
welp, i'm a litttttle frustrated D:
Going through mock papers on the last day of school
Birthday and game today got to be
KristenMichele6 Ooo really!? I don't normally like the films that much but I've heard this one's good :). Watching it tomorrow.
When I get my first paycheck I'm going to buy a really nice north face jacket for myself.
Arkham_Alice I am ... fine. I experienced time loss and.. I do not remember anything. I was making sure you were safe..
Me and charlz1994 on the same wave! Whooppiiii!
My weekend is over. My weekend is over?? My weekend is over!!
I truly don't know where I'd be in life if it weren't for you.
Fun with the Onion: CHICAGO—Container Store employee Adam Desrosier likes to think of the store itself as one big container.
This mf just licked the side of my face!!! Who does that!?
Literally could care less about making things neat and perfect 99% of the time but that 1% of the time I am such a perfectionist
ParnellPage Well, ALMOST always lol. Enjoy your trip, see you soon. I'll message you when I've sent the EP art over excited!
BLESSED TO BE IN EXCELLENT HEALTH
Last day of being jailbait
Can't go back to sleep now.  Having nightmares about this dance show
Want to cry that I'm not at professorgreen !
That went according to planned (y)
to day, more one day to work hard, in 4 days i will come back to the muay thai  very
im confused AF, i dont kno what i want any more . sad .
Work was decent but my voice is still gone...
Orlaando next weekend for my bday with bestieee
EmmaManu J'ai jamais été aussi triste face à mon écran (ouais bon, Denny Duquette ça compte pas hein...). Il m'a brisé le coeur là !
I love seeing Christmas lights everywhere. It's so pretty.
UGH.....THIS IS SO HARD!!!
What is emotional abuse? It's a form of bullying which overrides another person's feelings of safety, self-worth, and...
I 'm finna go 2 sleep .
Every time I look at ESPN its a new gay scandal or a new hired coach Bih tomorrow it will be NBA free agents signing day
Ugh lily jus made tha water works.flow smh
Will be designing my glamorous, elegant, and daring costume later :)
In my pjs already
No work for a whole week, that pleases me so much
So happy I got to go visit Masa at his new home with my ex. My ex and I may not have worked out but he is a really good guy
I better ace this test today. My grades are falling
_alexandrarossi does that mean we're reeking havoc tonight?
Lo_ColdHearted Act Like He Cant Textnkbody Back !! Ugh Goodnight Twitter Irritated ! :(
I have to go home and fix my iTunes.
ThingsThatIWant to actually get to know you... But it ain't happening
Really don't wanna be here
I have not napped today. This is the longest I've been awake since school started.
=[ I wanna decorate the Christmas tree with you . :'[ disappointed .
Dipping my bread in coffee for breakfast
I hate taking out my lip and nose ring everyday for work.
Christmas is coming!... yeah Excited!
Soo..Momma said oomf will bee home next sunday! Mkay alright Excited.
Damn, enything is getting me depressed. Dey just kicked me off work early
Nice warm cat, nice tunes, nice paper by Taurek to read.
In 10 minuutjes ken k de zinnetjes al
wow still cant believe it's in 7wonders world list
Just give me the needle I can do it myself!
I've been up since 7 this morning. Couldn't sleep because of this whole situation. Wish me luck!
danidaniXO St.Louis,MO wait no nothing to do here...
the only happy part of me has just now left /:
Whyyy have I not seen Breaking Dawn yet!? .. & I call myself a Twilight fan smh
So thankful for all my friends and family, I don't know where I'd be without you all
Its funny how alabama fans dog out auburn so bad when we dont do anything we could win yall still would say we suck
Tired of hearing the same old thing!!
“HiC0520: A_Me_Beth can't believe you took Simile21 to IHOP, she has been known to misbehave there embarrassing expensivesausage”
ILovBiebzNZ Im soooo sorry to hear that! :(
I love when people make it so obvious that they're talking about me
Miss_Au3 _musicprincess Say whaaaaat?!
I'm weirdly happy today.
Dem crackers cnt handle uh 6 year old
R.I.P my bra smiley damn sad,,
ktessabby, I have never been so in love.
it's shorts & tshirt weather outside! Where's the snow!?!?
Finally accepting the fact that we will not have a white Christmas...
My sister sings 24/7. I wish she were at least good.
I accomplished watching the whole game....an i enjoyed!! My Whodat followers shuld b very
…im goin to bed
np You Don't Know Her Like I Do
Really wish I could've gone to see Timeflies tonight at PLAYCincy ...why 21???
I wish I had my phone back. !
Love is strong becuase Love is a bond between 2 people and they one
As black people, we are taught to love ourselves...Unfortunately to society we couldnt be born that way because we aren't white
Y u textn me that u sad n this is when i dont text u back cuz today bout to be a good day
About to lose in 2/3 of my playoff matches.
MisterGrande I nominate RomeeSaysIt !!! She is amazing and a realy, realy big ArianaGrande fan!!
I need to be baking a cake right now for real!
But sometimes hiccups are annoying !
hear bout a gal who hs a 1yr old son n d gal z 17 nw..
Feelin like Heartbreak kid everytime our night ends like this if somethin wrong talk to me its not ah argument. I just wanna make you
Sitting in the dark and waiting front of a  church. The streets reflecting every single shimmer and your breath is freezing
at home with my sister :)
The bum warmers in my grandads car is the lushest thing ever, refused to get out
history ... the most boring thing ever ! and now it's only the beguning of 1h  and 30 min of torture.....sad ....
Friday needs to be here already!
Getting to write an essay on Aftershocks
I love when I buy something online, and when the package gets to me its the wrong order.. annoyed -___-
I'm really looking forward to just being at home so I can spend time with my family
Some people are just ridiculous... selfishness is so unattractive
JUST SAW TW, FANGIRLING. EVEN MY MUM NOTICED. :D
Feeling like the worlds best girlfriend right now :)
Oohh damn, Samia really got abused.
I think I lost my original camera battery...cant seem to find it anywhere at home and at work farrkkkkkk
I just adore my job at Trekkers. My kids are littleblessings and my coworkers are so uplifting.
my plans for the rest of the night = crying !!!!
cannot possibly wait until Christmas Eve <3
sick to fuck of seeing eggs in my mentions, imma make you into scrambled eggs if you don't piss off!
LeilaMallouky sarahhhh_xoxo steele_1013 brookecanter ktmcvicker it's not funny! It's a serious crisis!
Thankful for our troops, my family, friends, and how this crazy life has turned out so far.
I guess everything was just too good to be true :(
would cry is my daughter was a nappy bald head little kid
- okayy i'm done for now . . my breakfast was super LOVE !
Starbucks with the best friend
Epic episode of the walking dead! Kinda depressed Sophia ended up being a zombie
I'M OUT seeyah!
If i was a puppy id run up a hill and jump into the sun with all the bunnies
Worked so hard for a 4.0 this semester and made an A- in one class so my GPA for the semester = 3.93. Really?
there must be a lot of fucked up people at virginia tech
Hopefully things stay just like this
Up.... About to start cooking that turkey!!! Yumm... My husband is the bomb dot com! blessed and
Happy thanksgiving everyone. What are you grateful for?
torontosymphony what's louder, soloist or orchestra? Neither: it's Roy Thomson's ventilation.
I sho did jus get into a fight wid customer service ova thee phone FA LIKE 10minutes COME FIND OUT it was ma fault HA, HILARITY!!!
Ew. Don't put new pics up for ur girlfriends to comment on
Road trip to the bg with ORuss917
i get anxiety when I think about Christmas.
cutting my hair tomorrow
M_Cuzz32 STOP :( I don't wanna hear about it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
abrooke21 jus so u know I have stalked ur school website to see when u play and u will see me in the near future surprise need2seeu!
Hate how I know you're lying and you know I know but still won't admit it
Don't you hate it when you go 2 get a chocolate & they are all gone!!!!
Fuck school and finals
Jets spank the bills very nice game...guys take a sec VigalantyWorld VigalantyTv. New video WorldStarVids show some
Next year I'm deffo going to see ladygaga !!! I bet her concert is very interesting!
NiiNAWHz she's a stupid freak that's why! I just woke up cause her daughter kept opening n shutting my door.
This week is going too slow.. All I wanna do is pick up my car
The person who hurts u the most couldn't handle if it was done to them.. not even for a second
LeShayC_09 Gabby them songs shouldn't get you that ampd smh.
H8 when I have the perfect thing I want to wear but then that one gold cardigan you need for it is nowhere to me found
hate west coast games
Theres allways that little kid that wants to be funny that looks for every little mistake or typo you make! And corrects you......
Oh my goodness...went into Barnes and noble and found my next book: The Night Circus.  Read the first five pages and I'm hooked.
Just decorated my Christmas tree with out my big sister.
why are you such a little prick!!
That moment when you talking to yourself then someone sees you then you just stop   embarrassing lol
Thank god for waking me up to see another day
today  link2party will cover Friends4life event at Heineken music hall ! Tomorrow shooting for porsche.
12*8*10 :-)'s Their Go That Year
Ahh i dont want to be up so earlyy!... 14 more days til' Christmas!(:
Finished making my Charity Ball date's dress :) threadbanger excited!
Hate the after effects of snow falling....outside freezing
Thatawkwardmoment when some sitting next to you at an internet cafe is watching a pornography. What a disturbing sound?!
katieleclerc Red Velvet Pancake?!?! Sounds SOOO Yummy!! LOVE!! Favorite!
My friend and I are thinking about getting an apartment in Chicago for next year
This rain is keeping me from sleep 8o
Cosy night in, in 100
Lilo and Stitch is my favorite movie! <3
zeltty got a gift card for a spray tan at blush from my mama dukes
What shall I do?!?  Spend some QT time with my babyyyy!
Yayy :) last week of tech till 2012 :)
My room spells like peppermint
NatalieLarsonn Yeah but you better have cable....
Just raced an old man and I want him for christmas cutest little thing I ever did race love!
:: my head is bare itchy. I can't sleep with a scarf but I want to preserve my hairs neatness.
right thats my final fate sign for ticket buying tomorrow coldplay  im defo getting a ticket tomorrow i have had atleast 10 signs
_siankelly ahh a cheeky month back home then. Wow, by then I'll have finished uni (I think) depressing!
No one tweets at school
A person on facebook has asked whether the initials on coldplays piano stand for little mix. It's Mylo Xyloto knowyourcoldplay!
Thank God for a new day!!!!
the idea of havin to work tonight, ergh
Sinitta is doing my nut in. Every time there's a task or trial she's making stupid noises
BRO ILuv_KirkoBangz I been reteetin UR ish so my tweets can come up...!!!!!! embarrassing :( :)
Mom said be the girl your ex will hate, your mother will love, and the girl he'll want to be with forever.
I love it when you're in the middle of a conversation and all of a sudden they don't text back .
today was a wonderful lazy day.
JahMega yes concentrate on what will benefit u. Always good 2 educate 1s self. Take time.
I think I'm getting my brother to like The Invisible Man :')
Both of you shutup.
participation lecture 2day ended with british professor talking about the egyptian revolution. kont ha3ayat
At least some good came out of today
I'm loosing followers :(
Thismorning I find out if my parents decided on the truck or not....
justinbieber FTW your soo hot and sexy!! selenagomez is a very lucky girl to have u care for her and watch out for her!!
Girls obssess over their hair (Me Too) but has anyone of us ever wondered how a person with Cancer feels?? :'(
MrPeterAndre you didnt follow me :(
i think i may actually die next week NETAPORTER! LouboutinWorld extravaganza... NO WAY! excited toohappy cannotcontainmyself :)
Celebrating Thanksgiving Eve PachaNYC With ErickMorillo and Danny Tenaglia
FillWerrell I'm following him & you're not following meeee!!!
elijahmanor our mono for android book. Its almost done. excited wrox
girlfriends that like everything on their boyfriends wall, didn't realize he couldn't have any friends that were girls.
thankfulfor ArianaGrande, music and love <3 <3
leaving for boston <3
Mcdonalds and sex in the city box set
Soon headed to dance class.
Christmas music on pandora
i follow mlivingstonpike to see his hashtags
Can't believe Shawn fell into that peer pressure!!
i don't have any tolerance for lazy, ungrateful, disrespectful people. which is why i want to punch my brother right now
Dinner and a movie with the fam
Downloading new DS games
So they coming out with another Friday
So tomorrow morning I will be leaving to Disneyland and staying for 3 days. I will tweet 24/7and upload pics. And a personal video
Somethings are better left unsaid !  Kept in inside nd not shown on outside <3
needing to do something but dont actually have enough energy to actually go do it
People these dais jus piis mi off so freakin bad.!
how long does it take to find out if you got accepted into a college ? sheesh :\
On my way to the OKC Museum of Art! Super excited.
I need somebody to love !
Emillieverafter I know! Next weekend, I will be texting you!
zaynmalik you are a great Zaynta:)
There's nothing like having the same conversation over and over and over and over...and Alzheimer's is not to blame.
“RealAdamLevine: How was your Thanksgiving ? I had some serious relationship with a turkey” MINE WAS GREAT
mahmoodjanloo24 hahaha me either!! It's never happened!! Maybe I pulled something...hahahaha
I get so sad wjen my  xmas music station starts going out lol! .. depressing!
Great shoot today, productive night of editing completed, and nothing but sunshine and bikram in the forecast for tomorrow :)
I just want to tell you exactly how I feel.. But there are just not enough words to describe how I feel about you!
theycallmejoho I just realized I'm seeing you in 27ish days!!
Just got off the phone with Jada_AP and heard my son count to 10 in SPANISH...
Getting closer to an iPhone 4S jailbreak
been a while since Ive cried for a good 30 mins.
Note to self: never hug ur friends good bye after they finish playing football o_o
Last day of Thanksgiving Break, but hey, Christmas Break is in only a few weeks! Now I get to count down for THAT! Excited!
Huway??? Wat happen??? Weiz take care  RT BeansGuzman: On our way to the hospital.
omg man i think i lost my bestie mariku_danceboy  :(
Things are getting out of plan and it's not as how I expect before. Somehow, the changes still 'fit' the way. God explains!  
I hate seeing dead animals on the road.
StephanieSulli6 : Haha ik im ready for it:)) its gotta b a boy and girl one cause we dont no if he/she is a boy or girl:)
EmmaEmjem the weekend is finallyyyyyy here!!
lolicious84 thank u babe! I sure will hey.
Those days where he air feels like velvet on your skin. It's one of those days.
Ahhhh yes! The Christmas movie I wanted to watch is on tv!
Can it snow already I'm sick of all this rain!
Don't get MADD just take n what ppl say and evaluate it for what it's worth cause in the end it's all
Waking up and missing you is probably the worst thing ever
Just remebered that me and caraloweee where supposed to see jack and jill :'(
Exchange of contracts day. Fingers crossed it all goes smoothly.
goodnight joeymcintyre Sweet dreams (of picking me to see you sing in Boston) lol
planetjedward HERE!! We're all waitin :O  quick come before a mob ccomes!:O we've been here since 10, alot of CORK fans here :)
Surprisingly having a gudd day :)
Can't wait to see KatEnneHill at six! excited!
Somebody at that party stole my weed....(-__-)......
Jst tired of naijafrustration#
MamalukaPR A belated thanks for the FF... I love getting the notification every Friday, makes me smile every time.
how come bg won't tell me what dorm I'm in!
(oooooo the lord knos im full...but i didnt eat alot!
last time i listened to kanye, it was live
One side of my hair just won't seem to grow
Grace a moi mon demi frere connaît les paroles des chansons de Michael par coeur  
That one song that makes you want to
When my sis is sleeping in the other room , i walk pass her like every five mins to see if shes okay !!
lauratompkins no :( keeping it British! Are you doing American then? So much drama is gonna go down!
Siting in class can't wait til its over though. .ready to tale my ass to the crib
scooterbraun Follow mee Please !! :) <3
Last person I see before bed ERGHH
getting tired of things not working out the way they're supposed to be.
Your a fucking joke.
Dear Pandora, it isn't cool to stop playing a song half way through.
CHACHA JUST ANSWER MY QUESTION GOD DAMMIT.
The worst feeling in the world is when you swallow your hair and you try to pull it back up. EWWWW
Big Brother is comin home tuesday!!(:
you make me so
17 days till T4 stars Excited !!! :D :D :D :D
Love covers a multitude of faults...
Enjoying this life God has given me
I see it in ur eyes ur
The girls are freaking outt!! hahaha
I have to start thinking positive, since when should that be hard ?
angella072980 I kno, I was just messin witcha....lol
I haven't seen a smile that big since a claymation abominable snowman got his teeth pulled by that little gay-elf dentist. NayaRivera
and now its fully sunken in
collywolly1989 - OMG. You're still wrong.
Someone come hangout with me in room 207!
After they broke up, 50-year-old Tracy Kauffman felt that his 26-year-old ex-boyfriend Phil Wells had taken advantage of him
nicoou love u too bitch....
Don't expect things to happen. It's better to feel surprised than to feel disappointed.
Watching breaking dawn with the bestie
Final Exam Presentation in a few.......
Omg talking with your mouth full
Just have to pack a few items and I'll be completely donee packing my room..4 more days till I leave for USMC Bootcamp :D Excited Ready !!
My watch is still beeping since 12....
I Thank God For Every Precious Second that I am on Earth
No place is home if AaronCurry51 isn't there, yet everywhere he is, is home for me...
I HATE Orange. I want my phone to work again please. I want to be able to contact people again.
My tweet game has been off lately
Bye, bye Ateneo goodbye.
Had an amazing day with Kurt alexander <3 happy!(:
I hate it when your walking with three other people and before you know it your behind them on a skinny side walk
Selalela lmaooo oh helllllllllllllllllllllllll nah!!! they got issues..ass eating homo-ness smdh
Chickfila at midnight with great people!?
justinbieber i will never forget,that you are my hero...:)and i love mistletoe too..:)Congrats for you! PROUD 7
so far its been a great break ... wish life could stay like this for a longgg time
Cant wait til this UFC fight tonight!
Going to bed... Nothing I was hoping would happen happened today.
were juniors in high school.. let's move past the drama. no one gives a shit anymore.
ItsAlexaChance they are very lucky cause at follow back by you, I'm so jealous cause you not follow me back. DEPRESSING 2
Non of my family nor my boyfriend will answer my calls!! lonely guessillclean  Lakus94
EMcConnell2010 I wanna put up lights on the house
twenty three mooore daaays .. wow
Picture this: my mom dancing in the kitchen making homemade stew and singing the party rock anthem
My face doesn't tan...it freckles and burns.
Gna watch the Texans game with tha bros in a little
UGhhhh hes doin the most!
I keep hearing good things about Drakes album
Annoying people are annoying and they annoy me.
justinbieber never, ever notice me -,- sad.
Abraham Lincolns sons all died before the age of 19.
Blessed by some amazing friends
Is hot as hell up there
Wall Papering for my friend!
My guy friends trying to wheel my mom annoying lol.
- NOT having a good night :/ SAD!
Nakakatuwa yung mga alumni ng SJA na mag-on nung highschool hanggang ngayon. love <3
Long day of work completed before two of my beautiful friends' 18ths tonight :)
Yes ! I have my contacts back....
I love having first and eighth period pe so I dot have any exams until Monday
Whoo Hooo.... just 4% plagiarism... :D :D
If love is your weakness, then you're one of the strongest people in the world.
30stm - this is war<3
Thinking about going to Des_Moines_MMA tonight....
I think roachthat likes prince of Egypt alot .. maybe to much lol
he gives me whutt every woman wants
goffman08 tedgoodwin I don't do drugs!!
Good morning I just want thank god for Jesus, blessing on blessing...
5 days til winston :) excited !!
Crazy how some things can change your entire mood =)
pineapple_00 haha you got some catching up to do! i lost 4 today...
Good morning:) hope everyone has a great day! Thanksgiving tomorrow!!
Making MCC warm up Cd .. for our first Home Game next Saturdayy.. Excited :)
someone calls the shoppe and hangs up.
EpicTweets_ has the best tweets and is following me! That's whats up
Feel like _MATTress has replaced me with _kittytat16
Bath ITC bringing out finals, pb's, and English records all over the place!!!
Why Christmas and it come out next Friday???“MzShakria Taking my kids to see Alvin and the Chipmunks christmas day. excited”
I hate hate hate hate hate uploading pics from the Mac
I truly believe that anybody not at my brother's house right now is missing the best Thanksgiving of years.
Home from the game
I think, i just fucked up..
people piss me off
I can't stay mad at you
good morning everyone!!! how is everybody doing? SPARTACUS in less than 2 months!!! EXCITED.
Sports56WHBQ will there be an app made to listen to the show for iPhone users. Am600 is on I heart radio but not sports talk
The world would be a better place if we put others before ourselves.
Pedophilia is epidemic in Hollywood. Corey needs to out the predators How can you not?.
Wow its just that amazing.
That movie actually brought tears to my eyes...
En la secu con mi Angelaaa<3 jiji
Having major signal issues with my phone
Wanted to leave work early... Was asked to stay just a little longer then I wanted and we havent had a damn customer in.
I've wasted an hour and 22 mins of my life smh
s_kayyx0x0 you're literally one of the biggest sluts I know. You jump from one nigga to the next just to get a buck.
Just got home from dinner and hanging out with Darrin :). What a good two days off work.
My taLents gonn change tha worLd im ThankfuL .
Good morning. What a beautiful day. On my way to MAXIM.
Love when Saturdays fell like Sundays! One more day of the weekend!!
I hate finals!! I should be rooting on my cowboys right now
They played that song for a reason or just random?
Now I prolly could do this shit hea
The only thing that got me out of bed this morning was knowing that there would be lots of yummy food at school.
I second that excitement “RainScreams: Going to see fun in April with sunshin2014 + trangwins excited”
Si tan solo supieras...  (: & :)  ...
nowplaying 65daysofstatic - The Conspiracy of Seeds //
Im not high enough!
Ppl won't know what to think of the dance team this year. bettertanlastyear excited!
If there is one thing I strive for in life, it's happiness .
Going to the nutcracker with DOemelReMi
LaurenSmith_1 dropping my maga money round tonight about 5.15. You be in or shall i post?
Listening to miss kittin on the train
TheRealSGM210 OMG Hun..sounds crazy!try to rest..take a bath or something :( poorU Love xxx
there's a stupid bug flying around....
kugrlover I lost because of Gronk over an hour ago. Lost game and hold on first place I've held all season.
Vball practice in a bit
Condused Bisexuals Bitches , Ughh Disgusting !
No iPhone 4S for me today unfortunately!
I havent saw siarra_hopex3 in years!
YES! Love that feeling! leandrojusten: That energizing feeling of seeing NYC 's skyline from afar and knowing you live there!!
STUPID TWITTER!! JUST SEND ME MY DAMN TWEETS TO MY PHONE!! disappointment!
justinbieber its sad to see whenever I go to my followers nd my idol justinbieber isn't ther
Some Bitches Are So FAKE
Great mood! Spent the evening with jenibabyyy! Can't think of anything better (:
think ima play Dance Central 2 a little later on!
Why do ppl assume they r invited to my house
starting to move in to my apartment after work!
6 more months till graduation :)
Its just sumthng bout thm eyes tho ! , :) , Thy r enjoyable .
AlyssaPacheco1 mine are @ A's and B's happy :)
Whoever is bouncing the ball on the floor above me is about to get it thrown out of a window or deflated by a knife. annoyed can'tsleep
UPS is the worst freight/parcel carrier ever to deal with!
Wow some ppl just don't appreciate help
people who tweet 24-7 and it's not interesting...
B.A.E:) CantaloupePOOP<3
Horokiwi sunshine..glass of wine..shelling freshly picked beans bliss..
todays def not a good day to mess with me/piss me off/ or cross me the wrong way i promise you that...
So glad ive found my fur happy !!!
Life is good, and just got even better thanks to you. thankful :)
besh0o014 i see that my cute friend
Hanging with Kayleigh this afternoon... Win!
My brother & his girl need to quit fighting before I smack there heads together!
20factsaboutme 5. I hate getting things in my eyes. They will never dissaper!!
Why are things so much more difficult than they need to be?!
itswithaKnotC nope, classic 90's. You'll see. The fire sounds romantic!
That One Person That Likes Every One Of Your Status's Of Facebook ! Annoying !
Gosh some people just dont see how Blessed they truly are
fatherdowling I only have Internet on phone until 2night & refuse 2watch trailer until I get to laptop. These tweets r killing me!
Saved the best wish for last 11/11/11 11:11 :) happy!!!!
girl thought she was bout to get some of mii food..
santa slam's gonna suck this year!
Won my first wrestling match today!
Just Got My Ass Handed To Me On FIFA
My bf is in here with his shirt up rubbing his stomach so
The day I have to drive all the way To Employee Health and it's pouring rain!
Listing to Marina Fm - Ali najim and study <3
I walk better in high heels than tennis shoes!
justinbieber I hope today you NOTICE ME! our family is growing... 14.996.911 almost 15MillionBeliebers proud :') 12
That awkward moment when you say that you have a date for your work party and everyone laughs and says don't lie.
Miss_Layla_F irritates me so much. Get a grip
This weekend kinda sucked cause of my car
Thank god for lettin me put in work out there...
I get to spend my entire afternoon talking to my insurance people...
eaten soooo much crap tonight yet still starvingggggg!
The Coca Cola Advert is the same type of Advert each year!
Getting stuck at every red light and behind so many slow drivers.
Ahh I hope everythings okay..
lilrozaay way to answer my text last night
i woke up all excited to finally get our Christmas tree today, but now we're not getting it till tomorrow...sad ijustwannachristmastree ):
FINALLY saw Fright Night!! :)
Damn I'm just as wack as him.
markhingley thanks for the invite bud
what a great night!! We have such amazing Pastors, johnalancameron  & gillycameron, It is an honour to serve under your vision!
On the way to the game with my boys amartin11 clay_custer3 b_RICH4444 Kyguy212 vincefritz24
Planning to squeeze in an hour of work tomorrow but noooo ...i just had to leave the laptop plug all the way in Tarlac!
I'm ready to take more college visits
Glad all that drama is over :) :z Can't wait for Christmas!!:D
Ima cry .. I wanted to go see jacoblatimore , diggy_simmons , and MindlessBhavior soo bad.! Wen they cum 2 my hometown,I couldn't go
This nigga a train station celebrity lmao
YEAH I turned my friend and teacher to be a whovian!
6 Mnths from today we graduate!
Sometimes a little urine discharge in your bed is order to ensure the love continues to flow.
Can't sleep. I'm so happy we're on break...
No long weekend for me, on a fucking javelin course!
NoelGallagher will pre-tix be available for Sydney, Australia. If so, when?
CrankyDad now it'd prolly be $100.
Getting stuck wasn't fun enough the first time so I had to go and get stuck in front of a UNL frat
This year has been a rough year and all but it showed me a lot I am truly thankful for all the people that have come and gone
I've watched every episode of futurama on netflix
Presents from bubs_zi. Love love love :D happy.
whoop getting our christmas food shop done today :)!
Lucaaas_21 the 2 greatest band of all times, creators of all heavy rock and roll!! Satisfaction is the 2nd best song of all time
Like 5 people unfollowed me....................... What's wrong with them!?
How am I supposed to tweet when I can't get any signal out here.
New Target sweatshirt with sparkles made my weekend! LOVE!
They said he's not just the man of the game but the man of the tournament
jessiica_raee  yep! always a plus. i thought you were gonna make a joke about dick naming his son willy.
cant wait to see my family
I have a feelin its gonna be a good december
Drivin thru the city, top down, blasting house music
The Eton mess I made was amazing.
Who knew shopping for a scarf would be this hard! Haha
Hot wings for lunch!
...I believe one of my close friends have let me down!
The ladies of PHC wishes everyone a lovely Thanksgiving break! We are thankful for so many things - like our PHC sisters!
i finally have an iPod~
Oooh, soon the Cristmas!!:) I'm so happy!:)
JadeAleshaRyan kaylafenner yupppp she hates me and proved it today ! Had a bit of a meltdown in the usat bathroom stall
Wishes her boyfriend would answer his phone on nights like these.
Off out for a Toby Carvery.
put it all out there twice, if it pays off big things can happen.if not i need to give a little more.
All i can think about is going to zoo lights
Those moments when you look back and realize how far you've come.
watching college basketball because its my obsession
Women are so sexy!! Shout out to y'all!!
justinbieber did a great job with UNDERTEMISTLETOE. Thank u so much for believing in us.Someday you'll follow me back,right? proud 5041
Wish I could see my bestfriend JackParker18...Stupid homework.
Fucking hate staying in BnBs
My head hurts , need you too say goodnight , I can't sleep.
yOur1derwOman on the way my
Got a letter from my sister today :))))))))))))
Only got 5 and a half pounds to go till my target weight!
With Eddie an chaun talking about our trip this wknd to Louisiana!!
The latest LUZ samples look amazing! Just a few tweaks here and there and then they are ready for production.
someone invite me to a fancy event, i have nice dresses i wanna wear
i hope this tat doesn't hurt hell nervous.
Love talking to my soldier, before bed. I know it will be worth it.. in the end. love trust hope ..
SamLJohnson love my talk with you
usb stik in radio
Can't do this shakespeare shit right nowww
Set my alarm too early this morning
& that she needs to let go na. Coz it's just a cycle e!!! Okay!!! I should tell that to myself also. Feelingera lang mag advise.
LAUR3N__ lmao forrrrreal love our lives , such bad influences on eachother
christmas party in 4 weeks excited.
Season finale of SOA was such a let down. Episodes 1-13 were so intense! Episode 14 was a
In a GREAT mood!
2 more hours left of school
........I guesss i kept it too real Now im friendless! lonely!
Containing urge to blow up airport.
VeehTab last time I had was with you
Miami bound to go see EmmaScarpa carlyysanders14 mckenziejules & peacealexcheer
Headed to see some Christmas lights!!! Can't wait.
I didn't eat a lot for Thanksgiving and now I'm hungry
Lord I thank you for this day. Forgive me for the moments when I take your grace and mercy for granted...
JuliaUsefara wow. Whatever thought 8th grade was special
Time to put the tree up
Ashton: Hey Alan eat some brownies .. They are Mmm Mmm Gooood :D
Damn it's mess up when yo own parents don't wanna mess with you!
What's up with girls always trying to look good! Ever heard at a good personality?
Monday is my least favourite day, closely followed by Tuesday.
All I saw was a bright sun instead of a partial solar eclipse this morning in capetown.
Coeur brisé, espoir envolé. Tout est toujours faux.
If u gotta show yo titties and shit on yo avi to get attention....
twiterlessLisa hahaha this sounds familiar
JamaicanJodi seem like a whole lot a boy problem down there..a wah happen to dem boi deh man? Smh
I give up.
It Doesn't Look Like Me?? That's Not Good. You Haven't Seen Me In 2years Though. Maybe I've Changed? I Don't Know
Off to a good start. Hope your day is going well tweeps! :)
This itchy ear is driving me insane!
Even tho all his life my brother has been through hell he is still the bravest, happiest person I will ever meet.
Guess who gets to hang with lee_uhh23 tonight!?! Meeeee!
RooziSantos I sure do. We arnt doing so well this season.
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world
I think you try to hurt my feelings now
2x thanksgiving food, great fam time, 2 naps, a walk and a run... successful day! :)
I just realized I've been writing ampersands backwards my whole life.
I'm getting closer to 8,000 tweets!
What the fuck do you do when you best isn't good enough
Am bored to death!! Maybe coming 2 Abj waz a bad idea after all. Nobody 2 hang out wit...
I just love how people bunch together in the hallways, leaving nooo room.
NW Sister's with soul... What extraodinary women we have eMzansi
Mr_Underrated10 he better not I will be so sad :(
All I want for christmas is someone who cares for me
Watching cartoons and snuggling with my pup
Every sunday i do the same thing, cheer and homework
You make me so
lisajane_81 yeah it is. Stop the clocks album came out this date 5 yrs ago!
Int'l community trying hard persuade Pakistan to attend Bonn Conference. Else it wud only b a leisure trip fr 90 odd leaders
I hate when someone texts you first and then they don't text you back
What an amaizing hot shower *_*
is it just me or does amazon price books so that you are often pennies below free shipping when buying two?
Oh. It seems I have no lunch. And my wallet is at home. Waaaaaaah!
That awkward moment when your in the car with your best friend and you arent talking about anything because your too
Enjoyed a noisy Sunday with PJD and nicolajdavey   Got a few things to be looking forward to this week!!! chaseandstatus
With my charmer adjoaamuah! Lol! She never let's me down!!
Finally on my way back home to the
Different guy. want the same thing
ihateitwhen I wake up and I still have 25min to sleep but I can't fall back asleep. It's to early to be up in life :(
EVERYBODY thinks about starting over. EVERYBODY wants SOMEBODY to hold whatever they have left to hold. EVERYBODY knows how to
Next time I'm bringing my marshmallow gun to the theater
De sint heeft me nu al goed bedeeld, en avond is pas begonnen
I'm the person I am today because of the things I delt with. I'm happy with who I'm becoming.
the only thing im good for this thanksgiving is making a batch of iced-down water ! sad !! lol
VilPre, yay!!! I can't wait to see you again!! Enjoy the rest of your stay in Calif.
*tear* listenin to xmas music. Bein alone durin the holidays really does suck. Thank god for Chum_Chum22 to keep me sane.
Alannahhiggins4 neversaynever .. i hear youll be home for crimbo,
Work -_- on our way to a different Tommy's that's more busy . nervous !
i hate getting pretty on school nights
skyvan In other news, it's 2:46 AM and my kids will be up in less than four hours and I'm tweeting.
TrentAdelaide arburrows Well, have a wonderful time Trent and Asha
Were way to young to know Love !
I'm going to bed. Long night ahead of waking up and checking the baby's temp.
poulton17 eastbankultras swfc got a pic not or a pic!
LauriesPops Thank you and happy friday, happy weekend and happy holidays!
I thank God for what he's doing &what he's gonna do in my life and the ppl in my life lives.!
Kind of obsessed with this kid. He gets cuter every millisecond
it would nice if you would anwser the phone.. for once!
watching Jenna Marbles just makes my day soo much better :)
What a year.....
Im sick of bad shit happen 2 me im in tears rite now my betta half just looked straight through me
Planning my gap year...
busy busy BUSY! at the office, preparing for the new menu launch in our Angel branch on Monday!
I finally got my piercings!!!
orrrr act like a bitch, that's cool too?
After all these years Kurt still thinks Our Lady Peace sucks.
Same old shit. It's never gonna end
He texted me he texted me!
House party tomorrow? HELLYEAH excited ~
Can't believe this was my last high school football game ever. TEAMBELLVILLE and
That was actually well done
24 days till Christmas! exciting :D
All smiles despite everything that I need to get done. :)
Once again plan ruined
MargsStyles hahaha that was exactly what i was talking aboutt!!!!!!
Spent two days staring at my pc, doing an essay. Job done but boy do I have a twitchy eye now
JulianMarion ok just makin sure! That's my biggest pet pev!
My only wish is I die real cause that truth hurts, and those lies heal.
omg i ned to get mary j blidges new album!
out of work at seven. come home to chocolate covered pretzels. no school friday. no work until tuesday. my life is actually perfect.
25 days of Christmas on ABC Family :)
I wish my little sister would get OUT of my room
Yous a ho ho ho ho ho ho ho...
It's not as sweet if I can't share it with you
Well that was fun while it lasted. And by fun I mean annoying ....
I hate the smell of doctors offices -___-
I got my internship in CANADA Happy <3
Now, I am making my THINGS to do list before 2011 ens..:0) How exciting!!!
Dude, stop texting me every freakin hour...
Let me go to bed..today is Planning day!!!
goseph14 dude how can you not like us. Thats
Watched the movie cars 2
Can't wait to get in a nice hot bubble bath and then put my new slippers on :)
i love looking into the eyes of someone
Cnt wait to eat my conch fritzers  excited!!
my lighters about to die.
When all you want is a text from him.
needs to get back into the michelin world.
GOD has really blessed me with some awesome parents! :)
He does not treat us as our sins deserve
attaboygio I remember when I was 5th wheel at lunch...
Yah I don't get it. Why are you avoiding me.. Did I say something wrong?
And BTW. So grateful for everything in my life. For everyone in my life. Blessed to the max! I can't say anymore.
Can wait to go home for the christmas break
Am I babysitting the dog or the kids?
Brother u better get down on your knees and pray. 1000 more fools are being born, every fuckin day.
iMissed my brotherrrr &&d sissy'ss < 3
Nog 40 min dan komt bus
Gotta print the pictures tonight and get them ready to be rapped!
Rain thanks for making my day
illneverforget the time I thought I was the shit ice skating and I fell face first in front of everyone
Can I just mention the fuckery that is the Cromwell S&S gas pumps? It has never taken me so fucking long to get gas. Holy fuck.
All gave some, but some gave it all.
Sent all my Thanksgiving texts out!
greatest thanksgiving meal in a long timee.. we've come a long way.
Chocolate chip pancakes starving! Work at 1:30 excited!!
Officially addicted to twitter Love lol :)
READY TO F'N PARTY!
About to bomb this exam
When Your Whole Wheat Bread And Tortillas Go Bad
Christmas break is soo far away:(
MitchelMusso got swagg . crystalball baby ! You know what it is ! Let's trend this shit ! <3 Wooot Wooot ! excited !
its windy as anything
mmmaannnn gorgeousJUICY_ took her followback :^(
Jukebox Has Gone Multi Platinum! Proud!! JLSOfficial
My aunt and uncle been together for 39 years
Just received news from New York.... cateruby LIP GLOSS is on it's way.These gorgeous glosses will have the trademark CR 'bling'.
shannersx I hope your back is okay!
Things like this always make me worried :/
Chicago gotta love it
Smoky ligt Bij me
CNicoleee_82  and MadelineSheller 3 people!!!!
im waiting so impatiently to get my iphone activated.
The moment when you haven't eaten a chocolate from your advent calender so the next day you have 2!!! :D
thatawkwardmomentwhen jcaseylinder tells you that all the thatawkwardmomentwhen tweets are the epitome of you
Tot 4uur naar school
The chick who sits behind me in math please quit chewing your gum as loud as you do
Don't tweet false things annoying!
Its funny how one person can change your mood entirely. In a good way.
MaryKateFarmer naps are more important then cobin
Currently working on my blog.
I feel just like Blair sad =((
My big fat gypsy Christmas
RobTamburro95 welcome thanks for my gift:)
whatifindattractive when she lays on the bed, lays her head on my chest listening to my heartbeat and is sleep in 5 minutes...
Lose the attitude and we will be fine mhkay!!
Had to post previous tweet, my wife is too funny
kpashford14 why cant you retweet me?
Kalahari today with spirit
ChadHall29 I had a game and didn't get to watch it tonight! I'll have to hulu it asap!!
kajule233 yeah :) paški cheese won a golden medal for the best cheese once, i think :D PROUD :')
Stop being soo dramatic!
How much life changes when in
Waited too long to make a move but in an instant she was taken..
No Dex in Home and Away today.
I don't like homework, then again no one does. -_-
Still can't get mario kart 7 to connect to online play!
OMFG! I'm going to see Breaking Dawn tomorrow! :D
I don't see what all the Voxer hype is about.
Re Ireland tickets, I've been lucky enough to meet some amazing fans, from Yerevan to San Marino.
Tweeting from my iPad
First time I've actually completed any work on a saturday!
-_____- You're the most annoying person I have ever met.
On a scale from 1 to how annoying that is its
Sinus headache and my knee hurts. Today is just
So now I'm watching glee until I fall asleep
Justin bieber can be my little drummer boy
First day of break and I work all day.
If nothing else, I am
my mavah go to bed fussing & wake up fussing lmao
courtdavies Me too! I think in the senior courtyard sounds good. Do I need to tweet cornyy_court13 and tell her what we're doing?
MacMiller I met some people at a party that said thy knew you l, I cried when they wouldn't give me your number
Thanks for following me baby_TemekaMcga, you rock!
chillin with my new iPhone 4s
Jay Jay Ft. Chiv & Broertje - We Run This
In a cuddling type of mood right now....
Some people should never be allowed to talk... EVER!!
Sometimes I don't care for you as much
Cant wait to wear my new shoes
Dont you just love when people ignore you
bueno me voy a poner a escuchar el cd de Under The Mistletoe
Happy thanksgiving to everyone.
I need a boyfriend ):
Arghh and I can't believe the Canucks lost like that!!!
God has perfect timing; never early, never late. It takes a little patience and faith, but it's worth the wait.
My kids are laughing at the receptionist cause she only has 2 teeth in the left side of her mouth!
I'm not in a good mood. Going to practice this dang early sucksssss. We're supposed to be off for tha whole week! -___-
Ha!! I LOV HIM OMG
this is just getting old
CeeLoGreen is sad that this new generation don't even know about goodie mob only gnarls barkley.....
This chick on dr. Phil remembers her life by how much she weighed at the time, not her age
I hate when people take a while to answer you back
Can't wait to meet kelseyann3 and kelseybelle90 tomorrow, going to be a really fun day :)
what happen in Happy 11/11/11
Shoot me in the fucking head now please!
S/O to MiramarSports who keeps the patriot fam updated... c/o 06 alumni much love..TEAMPATRIOTS.. :-) :-)
It's too hot to be December. Wtf. People can even pull off wearing shorts today. Texas is dumb
christinailitch I know get me out of the D and into the F?? Lol EXCITED!
WLiiALuv4Life Hey, now... joshgroban is awesome!
tweeting my life away because i have nothing better to do right now.. bored annoyed mad.
Finally got all my new CDs sorted on iTunes & now on my phone. Actually looking forward to tomorrow's journey to work now!
vapowell27 I know! There are so many ways to go from here!!
Prom in El Reno? Paying $10 extra to eat there? NOT HAPPENING! What are people thinking!
- I need to hurry up & go get a new phone; dis one gettin
Half day tomorrow:) && then the rest of the day with her girly, GeorgieWilson1 & everyone else!
My very first tweet! proud(:
There's nothing like a grumpy 7 year old.
jam2the3 me too, like a lot. So done!
Writing crisscolfer smut in the middle of Starbucks.
It's really starting to get Christmassy !! exciting can'twait
why dont you ever answer my chats... we just started to become friends ... and when you do answer , you take FOREVER .
Cuddling w/ my baby
Just seen mytramexperience utterly appalled by sickening attitudes of some people worse still inflicting it on children
Miss you too JenJadore 4 days tills you're with me all weekend booboo :)
War is not the answer, the answer is within you. It's
Bestfriends birthday dinner tonight! Iloveher excited can'twait
When something someone told you is on repeat all day long
Really just wanna know the headliners for IsleOfWightFest 2012! Right now!
If you wanna know ... (8)(8) introducing me (8)(8)
Kilee finally kicked for her auntie amber
Phone been on 100% 4 a while
Really dislikes wrapping Christmas presents annoying!
emilyxokatella and our streak of avoidance ends tonight
When people incorrectly use the hashtag.
Delighted micha B is out
3-0!!!!! Lets goo boys!
morag_lindsay I have great memories of dancing round the kitchen with Rose when she was a baby to him on radio
Just saw a commercial for anti depression pills, symptoms, burning, mild seizures,muscle spasms,and more....but Ill be happier right?
Unfortunately the roads to BC place r not packed wwith people from MissionBC going to Roadrunner games No Mayor either
Took son's grade 2 class to senior's home to sing Xmas songs, read & bring cookies. The kids were amazing & sweet.
Aww christopher is saying nomi! Knew I would get him to say it
sonofabadmoxey typical lol & GB won, of course.
I really have a problem with ppl who have no common sense its really unbecoming.
Flying Burrito is my life!!
lauriaaane_ La fameuse famille Camden
Only thing my dad and brother do is watch and talk bout football..
These Eggs Will Be The Death Of My Twitter Account. Annoying.
I enjoy getting invited to a house for 2 hours just because we haven't seen each other in a while
Whew so many thanksgivings... Guess I should be
My mommy sister and nephew are finally here, can't wait to see them in about 20 minutes.
So I'm bout to be bored real soon I thought about going to lizzie_ana  room but I realized she isn't there
FrancesTurner You're welcome! You were awesome then. Still are. Conquering another arena. Elated to watch you strive, grow & shine.
When you call my name I'm like a little girl I'm down on my knees I wanna take you there
Crispy_Darryl WTF Pooh!....I'm Really SMH At You
Having a dream where it snows,waking up and running to to window to see if we have any snow but there isn't
i miss someone so badly
In a bad mood thinking about skipping the rest of my classes today
STA_WICKIpedia just payed me and Christine 20 dollars to leave ...
hurry up season 9
Slightly irritated. Skipped round 2 at the gym to catch this movie & now I can't go.
Wish it was bring your own toy day in work tomorrow.
I'd rather be heartbroken because the one I loved left, at least that way I would know what I was missing. I have no idea what to miss.
My bro just called me up to telll me that I got next, people lookin up to me makes me grind harder.
ThingsYouShouldntGiveToStrangers : secrets, money, & head. OnSomeRealShit: notice I didn't say love.
The Oklahoma vs Oklahoma State game is a real nailbiter.... not
Don't text me asking how I am and then not text me back...
I don't believe what I just saw.
KatgotKicks no u need a newer one... The current one is garbage!
i'm about to burn my extensions
it pisses me off when my g's or y's get into the next line for writing. It makes it all messy.
Finally got my jersey
I'm glad I dnt have to go to work today or 2ma
thatawesomemoment when you switch on your radio and Blind Melon - No Rain is playing on TuksFM1072 :)
- My Boyfriend is so fucking stupid ! Annoyed!
Sleepover with my man AND the first real snowfall of the year? I'll take it :)
Girls With Ghetto Ass Names Be
Finally going to school to take the hardest final I have
Is a sleeeppyyy little thing! Good Night my Gods and Goddesses! May You Dream of Passion, Purpose and Destiny!
I'm so thankful to have a loving and caring girlfriend like heather_zentz. God has definitely blessed me, through her.
about to have christmas lunch with my girls!
Cuddling up with my stats book while I take a nap.
I haven't been on a date since that one time I went to burger king -__-
Where is the remote
gabzdahbic69 forreall doh we should hang doh
I am glad Justin Bieber got to spend the day with Stevie Wonder. I know how much he means to Justin and to EVERYONE. Blessed Proud :)
Heading to meet the fire chief of pompano beach
justinbieber My baby sister said 'Bieber' today <3 Proud  :)
Lmao My Sister BLESSED2HAVMY4 Only Got 160 Tweets.!!
Fucking yes...its official now...Chelsea is back.
The beginning of up I so sad :(
I hate it when my facebook on my phone doesn't tell me when someone chats me and I see it day(s) later...
Looks like tomorrow just another day of laying around and watching tv
Don't feel bad my wish didnt come true either Dave_DMAC
“ADORABLE_VINA11 JSU vs. ASU Im all for JSU Anxious”
Wake up and boy meets world is on MTV2
LlyrSwansea it would so super if you did my memory stick tonight.
IllmaticMindset yeah...[sigh] but I'm not with David so I'm
I need to cry, I swear for a girl I like never cry
I really took a long time to edit this video, so it better be good. i'm
wth you'll sign me in on a diff app. But not on the real one
Take care in the a.m. with the befasss!
hangnails are the worst
time for bed. wish me luck for my interview tomorrow!
Flight is delayed this is no fun :(
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! I am so thankful for my wonderful family and friends. I hope each of you have a wonderful holiday.
despite being up so early, it is going to be a great day
Home is wherever I'm with you
HappyKwanzaa_15 LOL you forgot about me!!! smh...
6 minutes akhekfjebvdih!!!! just release me already!
I have a test and a lesson plan in my way before thanksgiving break!! Can't wait to go home and see the family!!!!
Guess we didn't want it bad enough, we just expected it to happen.
Well, Twitter is slowed down tons now that everyone is on a plane home from winter meetings...
“TrueSagittarian: Sagittarius thinks highly of themselves. Proud”
So this chick has had on her fake nails for 2years
I Need New. Rearranging room&closet. irritated.
i feel like people are talking about me all the time
First away game tonight
If you tailgate me that just makes me wanna go slower
constantly check my bank balance hoping there's money and there never is :(
charter cable box messing up again. No guide info frustrating charter
So she is going to keep me out of school next Monday to get it that's
When you take longer in the bathroom than both the females in he house, you know something's fucked.
Omw to my lil match box bt no lie I missed da hell out of it........HOMESICK LOL
Eating ramen with jadieey and xDalexa (:
Get out of my life.
Boy you're pushing my buttons.....
I wanna know who my roomate is already!
Haven't seen the fight yet, but apparently Marquez got robbed. Seems no 1 had Pacquiao winning the fight.
Over 50 and still going strong
DemiYH2 lol as if you've just done that haa
When you feel like you have to sneeze constantly, but never do...
Liv_Morris what did I say about lying?
don't forget to pray today..because God didn't forget to wake you up this morning.
Waww !!! What and amazing news ! That mom Lisa and dad Scott will make their own twitter !! PROUD itsalexachance
Eww.. Peppermint ice cream.. disgusting!!!!
Is so nervous to take this test
On cold days like today, NOTHING beats entering the underground. Its so warm!
I Hate My Mom Whens She Like This.
3 hours of sleep after all the noise and fears. Hope everyone is safe and ok today.
i luv this holiday !!so much pie to eat nomnomnomnonomomomonomonom
JusAwesome_Bish yea I dont... Especially when ppl on my time line stay tweeting about their gf/bf...
Missed my 1000th tweet cause of tweeting about a dickhead! Finally got to 1000
I wish you were here :(
Theres just some people thats nothin more than a disappointment, and they prove it to u each time u give them a chance
Nice to be back in the Fabulousmag office for a few hours, slices of cake being passed around as usual
sdriscoll32 I see you went to the casino without me. disappointed.
Every time you leave, you leave me with a giant smile on my face.
The wind is so bad, I can hear it in bed! -.-
_DRFoster didn't reply to my beautiful text earlier hurt ):
RealSkipBayless u just reminded me why i unfollowed u months ago...wat was i thinking following you again!!
Apparently mcdonalds is closed on thanksgiving.
downloading the Age of Mythology game .... yaaaaaaaaay
Gym class heroes!! love ^_^
My mom bought be knock of vans but bought my brother 2 pairs of legit vans... the fuck MOM??
“ItsNateCollins “iKeepItTooReal Baby showers are the new weddings. ... Sad””
7days until I look like a chipmunk! EEEEEEP.
Can't wait for this school day to end and go get some delicious wingss this evening :)
_dbh bublé us a legend! I love him!! Trying to find concert tickets!
Linny_Downs your song came on at my work today and I started cracking up at one of my tables
The game comes back on January 10!!
I like pretending that every things alright sometimes cause when everyone else think u're fine for a little while u forget you're not WoE!
Apparently i have a very nurturing personality. Which makes A LOT of sense on why i behave the way i do
ThingsThatPissMeOff when people sing really loud in the car. Seriously?
I know I had to do my own thang for a lil, but I was missin the Krew no doubt! BeSomeBodyKrew heard you guys were in full effect...
Just remembered im getting my test back in bio....
These one of those days
Neglected animal commercials are so sad depressing:(
God gave me another day to live. What I do with it is up to me!
He is everything I need that I never knew I wanted..
Had lovely time w/ few friends.
The annoying moment when your mom makes you hang out with her.
Possibly going to Pensacola for sping break with mom daniel and kirk...
Most women goes thru what Emily is goin thru.....
Bout to get a super hot x rated dance from nathaliewtf. Then sex. Goodnight ;)
lmao done worrrying about other people when they obviously dont give a shit about you
First Time Eatin ALLDAY...iWish iKan Have Some Fuggin Liquor Rite Now...
At the end of the day it makes me happy knowing my booski is happy and getting things he deserves
In the car on my way to to the mall
Had it not been for Rhabdomylosis, I'd be running the Soldiers Marathon this morning at Ft. Benning, GA. Run hard boys!
im going to grad school after im done with undergrad.......
I swear if I get hit by one more carrot.. Hahaha
I know what I'm gonna do!  excited thanksMrs.Richardson
Not as swollen, Not Bleeding at the moment. Monroe,
about to go on stage
Having a minor panic attack about the current length of my hair, but that cut was much needed
DjInfernoLV damn work!  It wont let me get on billysplanet.com!  Stupid adminstration net blocking!
thank you God for lettin me see another day
SarahJHodges I'm sorry to admit...but I'm unsure how to dm
Onno is quietly working in his room
My computer is so slow!
Cramp in the toe!!!!
Moving In Our New House Tomorrow!!
N Sync's Christmas album is a classic!!!
My South Park post on Tumblr got 36 notes!! Since I'm not Tumblr famous, that's a lot for me!! YAY!! :D
Dear God I thank fa, ere'thang yu gave to us!!!
Cover urself please, no one wants to see your nasty clevage
thank you for the first six days of 12 and just wanted to show love to you for the donations so far. Lets make someone's Christmas
alles is goed me broertje, en hij  mag straks weer naar huis.
gave my first injection
Okay baby sky turn the alarm off its 530 & its been going off for a half hour.
Me: how high do airplanes fly? Jake: not as high as you! Me: what?!?!? I fly? Jake: yeah spread your wings little one
new york city in 2 days!
gonna watch Fast Five (: haven't seen  the movie in a while<3
tasha__moore I always watch the e4 one but haven't yet
AnnieColon I know! I need my Greys & PP fix but ummm I need a chocolate fix too and that's not happening lol
i wish i could call YungGoNutz, thats about the only person i want to talk to right now :(
Starting to question twitterlesstj's sexuality
We are family. And I love you sovcvolleyball
Amaniii makes me smile :)
Good morning everyone! Today is the day the Lord has made I choose to rejoice & be glad in it regardless of my circumstances.
Almost have everything in order for graham to leave sad stressful heyitsFranklin9
you always have a back up girl... sad...
today is a good day :)
Have to go to my family renuion
Crying, Pocahontas was very
My phone really is my life....
KearneyEmilee u should have used the name I gave u.
The annoying moment when you realllyyy need a poo, but someone is in the bath..
Im ready 4 all da great things I c in my dreams n all the thngs He promised me
Needs a girlfriend accepting Aplications -.-
omg , there's this group on FB, i opened it , found my name with hearts all over. they do tht to everyone who opens the grp.
2behonest i will be the first of all my siblings to graduate and go to college !
My little sister comes home and blasts Rihanna in her shower while we are all trying to sleep!! -___-
Is feeling it slip away
Did some book shopping. Gift cards from last christmas is awesome awesome in November.
nastyNEENS tell me about it.
The life of a Bitch and a Thug. Bliss.
onedirection looking forward seeing you on children in need today
definelty just demolished an entire 18 icnh pizza by myself!
Damnit. OSU got 1 year bowl ban. I hope we dont lose recruits
I hate being so antsy. I can't sit still for more than like 20 min. I pace the house like a crazy lady.
movie that remind you of her
Sorting shit out for my party,
everything is exactly how it should be, hopefully stays this way
The Single Woman's Guide to Loving Herself.....new book release in 2012!!! Just seen the cover...its hawt
My mom is pissing me off. Yeah, it my first football game but I'm not 5!
Guess who finally got invited to Pinterest thisgirl!
Annyzzi eu to pelo celular pq a net aqui ta fora do ar
Good morning you sexy BEEP. It's FRIDAY and I'm up and ready for today's session... day 2 with.. MIND YOU OWN DAMN BUSINESS
aw i can't wait to exchange present with the girls tonight.. i'm such a big kid, hehe.
I work with some nasty women! There is no reason for the women's restroom to look like this! Smh...
Why does jamie drummond always tag me on facebook
Cant always please someone you love
People need to stop asking me to do things so I can sit down and focus
when my little brother says boiiii just like big sean it makes me so
Wayne Rooney & Fabio Capello have arrived at appeal hearing in Nyon. Verdict expected this afternoon.
Ruthstaa15 that's a good time !! and don't jealous me coming to your tv
May all of hopes turn to wishes, and all of wishes come true. Happy 11/11/11
So appreciative of a wonderful new mentor in my career.  Thank you Dr. Metzelaars, you are fantastic.
I hate group projects!!!
1236please follow me back! everytime i see the OLLG in the stage i say THATSHOULDBEME DEPRESSING justinbieber
Fallin in love feels so gud but can hurt so bad
Canny wait to go see youmeatsix in march :)
Thank you to all of our Veterans! Give thanks to Veterans who all gave some & especially to those who gave all!!!
MY BEST FRIEND GOT SIGNED TO AN INDEPENDENT LABEL TODAY!! KEEP A LOOK OUT FOR BLACKHEART!!
time for a nap
4 hours away from my weekend
New look website coming very soon! will keep you posted.....
Birthday in two weeks :) <3
Wish I was home in the woods with my dad.
betherinm why would you waste your money on those
Marcus Canty....that was sweet I must say.
Last nite's dream not about curating life in app form to FullersBookshop ebook site, rather bogey people being tweeted in2 bedroom
So ready to be back in Rockwood
Diggy gave Jojo I couple years head start . Jojo still lost
stuck home alone in my haunted house, with banging from upstairs and the baby toys going off by themselves down stairs..
justinbieber  okay..my hopes wont come true..i guess u will never reply..that's the real life..im not lucky at all :'( sad 22
Loves intention is never to expose  wrong or sin  but to expose the good in someones life. Love has no hidden agenda.
Katz_Mbhombhi- yeAh pLeeezZ LOAD lotta air then coz honestLy taday i feeL loneLy
work can go suck my dick!
amandaperkins_x I would do big box little box on the way to work
I turn 17 next week and still can't grow a beard..
Waiting with KA_Lochrie for breaking dawn to start
zach_hammond hey buddy.. you know you didn't spell my last name right
Texting Jessica and watching Hawaii five-0 makes a perfect night.
No Doubt : Underneath it all....ahh
Thought that commercial was a movie lmfao
Travelling down north for my cuzins wedding. Super excited, wont miss it for the world...
I hate when people steal my ideas or words without giving me any credit or telling me. seriously one of my biggest pet peeves.
If all ur gonna do is argue, why don't you just shut the fuck up
..im happy with who i am. im not looking to impress anyone.
OH.MY.GOD. onedirection that was literally perfection , so excited for janurary in the o2 now :D cant beleive its been a year !
In a bad mood
Aj gets the pin in 25 seconds
Its one of those days where every person gets on your fucking nerves, shsddhdhd
Off for 2 weeks :D can't wait for christmas now :o :P :)
Its always good to stay positive n have a clear mind it makes life a whole lot easier
Damn my rams can't get nothing going on offence
Aw my birthday is also over
First Gatorade since August wtf
My dad is not going to tell me happy birthday...
Wooow, seems like Thts all I've been hearing about...
Ate like kings, drank like wine-connoisseurs, sang like we were pros, and danced the night away w/ great friends! happiness glitterkaraoke
Next stop hampshire for another shoot for ambercrombie
God has shown me a lot today through different things. Glad he never fails.
Adults keep your kids
Supposed to snow tonight! Yes! I love everything about winter:)
Yikes. First night without the little one in our room.
Plan to finish reading the entire Bible Next Yr...
Love is the answer. It's the only expression that reflects the true person of God! (-1 John 4:7-8) PastorSergio
yes, lets date agian even though our first try was sooo shitty!!!!!
God has always been faithful and will forever be...faithful.
Can't stand when people do/tweet things solely for attention.
glee+man in the mirror=
That Bojangles I just had
Tried to hey tell you AnnaSpiess last night but there was no response.
waiting at follow LittlecBeadles return get my hair more white (old) and I must beg to LittlecBeadles to follow me back :(
She...didn't..like what I gave her  -__-
Woke up at 8:00, took a shower got all ready and got in my car just to find out my practice doesn't start for 12 hours....
Started my Credo essay. Why am I talking about bathing? Clearing this thing is headed nowhere
First time driving in 9 weeks excited!
I'm Thankful For Everyone That Keeps Me Going, Thanks Everyone!
The left lane is the passing lane, if you are going slower than me... MOVE OVER!
that awkward moment when the person you text every day, doesn't text you today.
RazTaz21 I'm justa honey badger (; I got a couple hrs of sleep now just need a power nap n then back to the honey badger lifestyle
I need you here tonight
Hopefully going to watch Breaking Dawn tomorrow! excited.
Why can't the right ones be more like the wrong ones!!
What a strange cover xfactor Someone tell the pianist that discordant doesn't work
Its been a good low key day today w/Fam thankful....
Lol glad im not them and dont go through that
magma4eva not at all! I feel the same way! hahah
i didn't smoke today... even though i really fucking wanted to.. im glad i didn't give in though.
Woke up this morning!
Why aren't you awake yet? frustrated missyou!
MY LIFE IS COMPLETE!! SEAN COLBY GOT A CELL PHONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! happy aboutdangtime sean_colby96
Omg Omg our first indoor game is today!
3000 tweet goes to some cool cats MiRannMathieu7 , sexiimexyy , mariegray1022 , emilyykshaww , syd_mohr & heyy_its_kayy
typennington My cousin was just accepted into West Point! Watch out East Coast! Here we come!
I don't get why my free  time doesn't matter. I forget when that happened.
My obsession with Justin gets bigger by the day.
Don't make me regret this.
bourbonbaker mine does that too...neither knows why
rydiculousness haha with the microphone sticking in her face, then sceaming RG3!
Nothing like coming home at 2:00 am to find that a dear friend has come over & put clean sheets on your bed. thankful fellowship&community
I just have a limited edition SIGNED copy of Gotta Be You! Just visit the onedirection Music store - myplay me/dak 1DHQ :) x
Pengumuman interview IELSP dah ada ya?
Off to a dietician tomorrow
YES! Een 7 voor so engels!
Best friend passed out asleep on my couch...
Is just to excited this morning getting ready to go Essex with LauraBabycakesK linzie884 Kylie_hopo sam_bamrowe Raquel_1606
Nog steeds happy om de 3-0 yes yes yes yes :D
Snuggled up in bed
tonight, as a basketball fan, I will pour a beer in honor of the unrealized potential of the careers of Brandon Roy and Greg Oden
holy shit am I lame.
just wanna cuddle with someone forever
Only a fat person would find a cheese doodle in their bed!
just dowloaded 100 new songs > newmusic onelove madieherring
Sit your 50 games weak ass Braun. Let a REAL MVP show you how to play the game.
I start my new school tomorrow! EXCITED!
One problem about being the baby in the family is that everyone always treats you like you're 5
When is Cheik Tiote going to return to action?Time out is getting longer and longer. Is there something being kept under wraps?
So this must be what they talk about...?
'i never been BiG on always expectinq to receive thinqs from other , its the THOUGHT &'d the LiTTLE thinqs that counts the MOST !
I see the SRA are using every last moment - seems now they will only tell us after 5pm how we renew our practising certificates.
xVFL En naar Mike_wazza en RobinK__1998 KnownasIris en KARLIJNNxo <3 - Love xx
I do not get phone service in all of Azusa.
Why I watch scary movies ill never know
Woo Wiltshire tomorrow, can't wait to see my cousins!
nashm88 haha lucky for kastandley I have already seen this beauty! hotstuff bet its gonna happen again today
landryfields my question is why didn't u ever visit Ottawa KS in all Ur spare time?!
It's pretty hard to keep a conversation going with you.
sarahlarrive ok ok as long as u express the love
The best revenge of all...
Every thought we have & action we take becomes part of collective energy of the planet. Spread
Can't sleep ughhh
scottbstyris Albiemorkel guys joginder sharma met with an accident..
Where is all the snow? I want a white Christmas.
When life changes dramatically it's nothing like the support from people who really care
Can see my own breath and I'm under a duvet in my house!
i wish i could be more excited for christmas but there's so much to do until then :'(
marwaa410 Syriana84 this is their democracy and freedom !
Class was cancelled :) hell yea!
had a freaking longg day, going to bed finallyyy.
my 5th tym ice skating & it still takes me 20mins 2 rememba how to do it ..its my older bros 1st tym & he skates like a pro!
I can't wait to give him<3 these two things tomorrow ;D<3
Coffee at lakeside<3
Lazy saturday aft...staying in bed, reading the HungerGames...
Jesus, thx 4 the amazing life & family I have. When I reflect, I am amazed - I am not who I should be according to my past.
Someone wanna Skype?
Wishing Everyone a Happy Thanksgiving! Zainey's is thankful for all our community's support & for our fast approaching opening!!!!
was super gezellig met ArnoldSpek claussie15  en RosalieX7
Sleepy aF.. Goodnight folks ..
Lmfao at ppl that be puttin on for twitter.. Smh
My friends are always busy with either work, choir, sports or school stuff.
so good at bejeweled blitz its unreal
the full trailer of TheHungerGames later today or tommorow depending where you are.
On the way to Wartburg for a round of golf at Noodsberg!! Haven't played there before!
6 weeks till Florida
No matter how much sleep I get ... I'm still tired
I give up. I'm failing my chapter six chemistry test tomorrow.
Some folks priorities are just outta whack!!!
“Liam505Clarey: “_niksauce: Cuddling with Leeza tonight:*” you got leeza and I got rania love”
Nurse doesn't like what she sees..keeping fingers crossed that I don't have to go back to the hospital.
Breath is the bridge which connects life to consciousness,which unites your body to your thoughts~Thich Nhat Hanh
I need to see coldplay live at some point
Trip to Banff ? Yes please n_n
LET'S GO! here's the deal: we're giving away gifts when u tell us why u <3 yr bod...got it? pics=brownie pts (low-cal of course) b
So tired from today! Gotta be up and going for Kristys wedding early tomorrow!
All I wanna do is watch my broncos. :(
S/I to karley for leaving me alone in 3rd block
Under Armour Heat Gear
The sweetest thing that you'll ever see in the whole wide world is a happy girl :)
jonwillchambers I thought that started when the Swiss entries were released? However I agree: eurovision exciting  :D
A year ago, I never guessed my life would be the way it is now.
why am twitter acting up ?
Ive got a tight grip on reality but i cant let go of Whats in front of me here ..... But baby you are the only exception<3
dont you just love it when its your birthday :D
Nothin like comin home on a monday and jumpin straight bak into bed to finish off my sleep Bliss :)
When I am angry I laugh..who am I that life would treat me differently....*smile*
Wtfff, say something your going to do and do it!!
So much pain in every way I move.. I'm like partially paralyzed. But I'm breathing, so all is well.
Snuggling up in bed on a cold, dark morning after a night shift
Designing a website… just for fun
Ann Taylor Loft's website is way too slow and I can't see anything!
Can't get Twitter to work on my new phone...
-___-  QT Princess_Sondra: i miss my grandma i miss my grandpa i miss my own room! i wanna go home homesick!
Eilidhhxox when your parrot went 'twittwoo' at some random guy walking past shirtless and it looked like it was us
Tout à l'heure ,j'allais me préparer à regarder le nouvel épisode de TVD comme chaque vendredi . Mais en fait non , y'en a pas encore sad.
Can someone tell this girl HOP- OFF SERIOUSLY!
Trying to text when you're fingers are cold..
Got that interview Tuesday at the Mac counter at Macy's :)
The torch was lit:))))
Authors spend months, or even a year+ on a novel - show some
THEM JAMAICAN BE CRAZY IN THE HOOD CHICKS BE IN THERE SWEATING LOOKING CRAZY!!!AN THE DUDES BE DISRESPECTING THEM
just threw my tennessee sheatshirt away
Going to see George's Marvellous Medecine in Bedford.
Why this little girl just ask her daddy can she help him roll his blunts-_- lmfao
About to unfollow some people. Their tweets just make me mad.
Just met a real life parishilton wanna be and holy shit did I want to off MYSELF. fake tan, nails, tits even the same dog
uqhhh soo many things to do today!!
“Fear less, hope more; Whine less, breathe more; Talk less, say more; Hate less, love more; And all good things are yours.”
That moment you here someone say something and you want to punch them in their fucking face
But our convo jus got me in my feelings : (
Out for the night with my girls memsiemelton and Marissa, It's going to be a good good night (:
I really wish that grades were posted already
rachel_boyles haha yeah i'm getting up now too, got to go to the o2 shop don't i, wahoo!
My hair has held up through so much today
Been eating all day.... Guess that's what you do when your
Insomnia. Really? Still? This is getting old.
This girl right here.
the day I meet wizardcud my life will be complete
Can't Wait Till Christmas!!..It's My Favorite Holiday!!   11 days left!!
Hate standing up in a bus . And the driver continuously accelerates then brakes and on and on and on.
lookin like imma b leavin Wednesday instead of Thursday
18 DAYS TILL CHRISTMAS!!! Cant wait :D
Need someone new to sit with at lunch right now disgusted drew_jj caseystow rachpelz
Gosh! One thing I have not missed at all from Laudy is the impatient drivers and the rush hour
All my classmates have normal emails with their actual names in them... and mine is a freaking video game reference.
My mom is obsessed with christmas movies ..
It's official I got the house to myself excited lol
AlliWant live happy with ferchinmex i
Why isn't bruno mars performing ?!?!
Just now walkin up
We all just want the same thing in the end: success, power, money, and someone special to share it all with.  Happiness.
O.m.g. i hate myyy phone!
Your The Jam, Baby I'm The Toast..................
mara_paige alright sounds good. Get at me whenever
I am so grateful for the great people in my life. Always finding ways to uplift and support each other.
When people don't answer your texts but you know for a fact they check their phone every 2 seconds...
having volleyball in 3 days >>>
Awaiting the results for the solo auditions!!
It's unreal how much fun I had this weekend. Goddamn my friends are awesome.
Just accidentally stumbled across some of my Christmas presents!! :D excited.
Missing school is overrated I'm bored as hell at home :/
I haven't heard from milli__millz in long time???!!!!!
CANT FREAKING WAIT TIL DJ EARWORM HAS HIS NEW 2011 MIX (!!!)
JH_PrettyMuchhh And he couldn't save the baby
Came home to, two shoes straight from the mail.
Just got my MacBookPro
Niggas was High and just kept eatin PB&J`s last night lmfao
wish this cough would go
That boy gives me butterflies(:
Leonardo di Caprio playing Jay Gatsby and Carey Mulligan as Daisy Buchanan, Baz Lurhmann directing The Great Gatsby.
can't wait for break..all my boys all together..its gonna be so good man.
Just got my Christmas onesie!
When my boss's boss comes in
My scumbag brain always letting me down in situations like these.
Justin has achieved SO much in 2011, seriously can't wait for 2012, it's going to be an even more amazing & successful year. proud <3
this time next week :S
It's a sad time when you realize your laptops hard drive is most likely fried and you're never gonna see any of your pics again
A appris tout BNE ce week end :D
B_tches will do anything to get attention from a nigguh .
I just want to be pretty. Is it too much to ask for? :/
RNashPhoto Genevieve_Lucy wait till new-brand-launch Jan2!! exciting!
Actual snow in Bath city centre! Quite slushly, but definately snow!
ThingsWeAllHate when you completely skip a word in a tweet
Buying online is SUPPOSED to be a convenience, not the other way around.
I'm real skeptical about what dylanjstoll and skiddywhitt got me
Some days i wake up and just want some fucking cheese...
Its been snowing the whole day here :)) yay I love it.
Awesome day with awesome people
sophiabevan sosososososo excited, bring it on!
Tiny Tower all day err day
Best day I've had in awhile, Georgia Sec championship game, beat those fucks Allen, and I got to hang out with my girl.
Got my breast feeding class Wednesday..EXCITED:)
Sooooo blessed to step out in the world today; God is good.
Strictly avoid frightening ideas
When i cAnt go black friday shopping and i see 12848383829 tweets about it
DarrenCriss has gone from Youtube to Broadway... proud ;D
I'm about to eat a fucking pizza taco.
It feels great not to be in a funk anymore :)
Glad to be home.....long day!! But I'm thankful I was able to be on this earth for another one.
The immature sophomore boys who yell mine and JessTakatch name out the door from across the hall then disappear.
taylorparenti just listened to an entire song all by herself
Staley strong, way to go girlsss!
Extreme Makeover is so sad....
Getting my hair cut!
You haven't changed a bit..
gogorski cnolan29 i never thoughtt of the day that women would be controling my rights lol
Tree and mantle are lit...just working on Christmas cards & listening to carols!
I didnt get my goodnighttonight from her tonight
Taylor_Darnell Travel safe, make wise decisions, and keep being you.
Twilight ... ahhhhh CANT NOT WAIT too go and watch breakingdawn with carlyxwx & nicky on friday :D
glad my hairs no longer purple
Woke up to Dora on tv. annoying.
Some people don't realize what's right in front of them SAD .
They haven't caught him yet, but there's some sick bastard...going around stealing people's dogs and cutting their heads off...
just made my own cup of tea
My professor bought us breakfast
I am very sad today.  Very
Safe flight and vacay to TheLolaLegs going to FL!!!! And thanks again to Mayathebee88 for all your help!!!  
I just wanna be in Whittier
Only If JColeNC Knew. ;)
simplyTAISH she's going down for a nigga that ain't gonna hold her down smh
Finally, a sleepover with my bestfriend dani_marieee
Jessica200010 No?! I will now though. DUDE! Have you listened to Various Creulties? Listen to their song Chemicals.
When the only person who makes you happy, is the same person thats tearing you apart.
Thatakwardmoment when I give myself a swollen lip .
Dis tweet goes to my bro/bestfriend TheRecruitScoop... Im proud of u bro keep working hard nd everything will fall in place for u
Making carbonara to eat with my sis before I go to midnight movies!! WoopWoop Excited :)
Ready to back in columbia for xmas
Twilight makes me giggly and girly
I tell the world that you are mine and you love me so sweeet ...
PRican_Barbiie ur done talking to me
live_STR0NG dbarker_14 you guys won't have anyone to pick on
I appear to have picked up man flu  overnight
SunsetJello I THINK I SEE ME. *points at picture*
yehey ! NBA is back excited :P
phepheinathens glad it's fixed OK rerun Malwarebytes in Normal Mode then I'll tell you what to do next to secure it further
Cricket Match Tomorrow Yay!!
Most of all my beautiful mother ... thankful & grateful <3
I hate to see older women do shit with their life: no job,house full of kids,a sorry ahh nigga with no job,and can't keep no damn money
i cant stand how much boys use me. not even for sexual things either..just to do things for them.
Hungry ...moms cooking breakfast...
I wonder if I made a youtube video of me crying my eyes out about the packers how many hits I would get?
fuck Christmas, new year = stephs 17th, leaving school, a car, prom, and Turkey with Leighknee my 18th, and uni hopefully!
Just turn your test in....
These wildebeests fucked this lil lion cub back up and the mama lion leaving him crying out to her! ='(
GreatBritton0 my nativity feels a little left out from the word of the day ...
People tend to only praise God when they want or need something..
I thought this guy actually liked my photography, but he just liked me instead.
When pretty girls talk about their problems on Facebook or their guy problems just cause they know they'll get attention
She is in love
Life is so short. We never know when our journey is over and the next one begins. On my knees and a humble heart full of prayers.
Just wanna those nights where I just kick back relax and enjoy it. I hope everyone had a blessed beautiful day. Be blessed & love
About to kill this cat!!
When you think its goin good, its really not
3) xCassieAnn We have our ups and downs but she has helped me through so much and I try my hardesrt to the same for her. Bff
Sometimes its best not to look for something, but instead just move on and let it find u
PnWhitaker1 YES!! Idk if she's really a girl or a boy
bruno mars voice omfg
My phone keeps losing signal
I'm so looking forward to friday, that on a scale of 1-10 I'm at about 100.... seriously.
Talking all that shit and can't even take it....
Doc appt in a lil while to see what the sex of my baby I'm
Its This nigga sitting in front of me is so dang on stank! He took a bath with onions and doo doo!
My mom and her phone getting old lol . irritating haha
Why is life such a game
You know its love punk «iSpeakWeezy lmaoooooo , yu get on my nerves _tutrill  & thanks 4 having your bestie's back :) love ThassJaneDoe»
haven't seen another car on the interstate in like 5 minutes
Please stop making statuses every hour. It's really unnecessary.
Si tout ce passe bien, j'acheterai le meme bonnet qu'Harry! excited.
Dear Wendy's, I said no mayonaise!  Sincerely,
piersmorgan themichaelowen and you've almost 10k more tweets
No shave November is over in one day!!!!! Sad ItsaFatty
cfeign I'm not even gonna take the time to conjure up a comeback for that one.
last night was pretty amazing. Adrian Lux killed it @ pacha.
Why is everyone telling today?
time to get the fuck outta this house
That last message said it all
my headache is getting worse, but no worries i must push on to watch Dexter tonight sooooo
finally seen the coca cola xmas advert ... i can finally start to look forwrd to xmas
just stumbled upon that old school frozen yoghurt they used to sell in school!
If i tell u something i am sad about... It doesnt mean i need sympathy... I just want to be heard...
so this bitch had sex while she was on her period. im ashamed for you. im ashamed that you have a vagina.
ugh i hate when people think all my tweets are directed towards themm
Nights like these i wish i had a girlfriend...
5 more days till Christmas! excited :)
.Thank God For Waking Me & My Family Up This Morning (: Thankful(:
Seriously I've only been awake for 40 minutes and my day already started off bad
I wish people learned to spell.
“autocorrects: *sitting in class* 1:30 *seems like 20 minutes pass* 1:33. WHAT?!”
feeling loads better today
Can't remember the last time I been to the mall.
formal dress ordered!!!! excitement :D
Leeds in 8 days! lauren6Bartlett
I bet people that read my tweets think im talking about some relationship lol shit cus I deff am not.
Awee the new twitter is so cute
Brother Bear is gone and I texted him to see how he is doing but he hasn't texted back!
If you want to find out how bad red tape can get then I suggest paying a visit to your local Greek consulate. Thanks for nothing.
My Ravens got embarrassed on national TV ....
6 hours later & my home page is finally designed! Now to code it up...
So much responsibility ! I have no time for my self. Just
Damn it OU pull it together
Good luck RTDi_Milli: Goin to take my last final
Ain't did nothing all weekend -_-
I hate that I can't chill in my own living room  
Girl in my class, I'm sorry that you are sick, but QUIT COUGHING!!
How can you see into my eyes like open doors? Leading you down into my core where I've become so numb
Well, no milk when I try to have breakfast.. Whatever, haven't had breakfast all week, why start now?
Getting my industrial done for christmas(:
Me an bae goin on vay cay this summer.
The rest of us can find happiness in
This time last week I was in Paris with my boyfriend, I wanna be back there so much sad!!
music_maniac123 hahahah it looked badd :/ love :)
Okay I'm done. haha talk about being annoying.
It's Thursday so technically I find out if I'm get a goddaughter or godson tomorrow!! However it's still two sleeps! Better sleep!!
this time next week i will be in GA !
Formal dress has arrived!!!!!!
No matter what happens remember that someone somewhere is facing something a lot tougher.
TIBETANS Nepal possibly will be the mediator to settle down this issue “Tibetan themselves may never solve this problem”
If u need 2 get 2 VI, now is the time...
just bought my ugly sweater for this year.
momentsicouldneverforget the feeling i had when i stepped on that competition floor for the 1st time <3
traesoul oh snap i'm just seeing this now on fox news... damn, didn't this university have this shit go on before years ago??
garwoozy that is exactly why me and tHawt5  couldn't stop laughing tonight. I was literally crying
I like getting 'happy thanksgiving' texts :)
Don't tell my girlfriend will bring her on a date.Then have some old fashion laughs and good-time :) She needs it after a long week.
xashers8x lolzzzz i love ur headbutts though ha even though they kinda hurt :( love hahaha
SamanthaHoman reunited and it feels so good! Hope that's right:) NOW everyone will be home :D
Christmas needs to come faster! excited (:
I rarely touch my laptop, but now that I really need it... It doesn't work. frustrated.
omg how do I get those spam things to stop?!
I hate how people do last minute stuff...
WayneMcCullough emilycrean19 no its not really, any way this topic is put to bed. Dont want to be annoying you wayne or any one else!
Weekend wasted...five days to endure before i get another opportunity. Joy...
Someone once told me that you had to choose what you win or lose , you can't have everything
No service in the house...
Setting up the Christmas tree by myself. Womp womp.
You can't force someone to like someone.
Hate it when people are dressed up at the airport
Movies alone again? I feel so cool. Not
Ur the one so I make sure I behave love.
Extended additions of all three lord of the rings movies on blu-ray.. Yeeeesss
Watching al Davis biography
If james harrison gets suspended i will officially lose faith in old fashioned football
Wahhh lost my ipod and all i wanna do is play temple runner
My cousin jus licked her fingers and stuck it in mg bag..
DobreRano .Honem nažhavit auto a na další hokusy pokusy lékařů.Jak já se těším.
jacob_habeck LISTEN BITCH, I will KILL you
Happy Thanksgiving Twitterverse! I'm so thankful for everything that I have in my life.
uh oh U OF I looks like i'll be comin home this weekend!!!  my fam that there get ready to show my cuz chibadgirl some love! excited!
I need me a car charger I'm tired of my phone dying when I go out I be so
Today is starting out great!! Having a very tasty hot tea right now
Ugh! Traffic is a bitch
That moment where you're awake but noone in your house knows that, so noone bothers you.
Only a few more hours and this day will be over
At the OLG banquet watching cameron get his award
Damn I still can't believe dis shyt:(
if you really loved me, you wouldn't have just said that.
parks and rec isnt on tomorrow
Why am I always stuck driving behind an old man who's afraid of his gaspedal???
How I met your mother just made a Mad Men reference,
when someone starts ignoring u when u used to be so close
I've got fever. Not the cool trendy Saturday night one - just the odd and stupid sickness' fever.
Happy Veterans Day. Thank you to all who serve our country and who have served, y'all are the real heroes
I'm getting reallypissedoff! Can nothing ever go as planned!
I hate my sister & her fucking mom.
MLS Cup is going to be shown at Arch Rock Fish tomorrow night!
I blessed the food this year in front of 40 family members, God is amazing!!!!!
One year ago today i had kidney failure, surgery on my left leg, had to learn how to walk again & on dialysis.. Look at me now!!
Way to start off the season lady titans!
ThePeoplesGroup nothing we don't already know but galling, frightening. The comments section re Gregg & Kings Dock &Green make me
First surgery ever tomorrow.
I take a nap for an hour I wake up and it's dark out
Bye Bye NBA season
breaking dawn tonight
Today is gonna be a good day!
Seriously y i did i follow u
hate it when my wee bro eats all the good food in the house!
net bij pluss geweesstt met schatjes lotte & sjorss <3
Done playin ball wit sorry ass niggas always get
That moment when you're making a PB&J and you find out you don't have any jelly
Blanket, book, and red velvet cookies are calling my name. So happy to see the weekend again!
I will forever appreciate misserikat boogsworld officialadot _StarrStatus and twitter less Shay. they know why
Decorating my glittery christmas tree and wrapping presents listening to hot1079 <3 LOVE (:
my mom is jamming to usher...
At school drawing blood for the first time
Love hearing the national anthem before the game
what is this world coming too..
No es lo mismo trotar, a trotar con una sonrisota and yes... Smiling Happy :-D
One class away from going to see Twilight!!!
AlliePatrick16 so glad I got to spend the entire day with you!! It was an eventful day...
Oilers just scored - setting up the Xmas tree - Swiss Chalet festive dinner on the way!!!
can't wait for MadameBink  to get home, she's sat on a train that's currently not moving :(
Just warmed myself up with my hair dryer.
Seriously pandora? Not right now...
Hope REG_SINGZ is doing well. I miss him soooooo much! I even miss the sound he makes with his nose when he wakes up lol
So glad some radio stations play actual music during the holidays instead of nonstop christmas music
The snow has finally dropped down over Stockholm!
Guess its not meant for me to have that job.
pillowpets online is ridiculous, charged me THIRTY DOLLARS for an order of 2!
To the men: what do you expect, want from a woman?
Larry McCarren Show with Aaron Rodgers
shanstevens shan did you know I'm the blonde one out of little mix?! :)
reneemerchant kinda late last night lonely (;
After feeling yucky for days I'm starting to feel like me again. thankful!
Even the doctor told me to find a new hobby.
So remember that penne I was talking about earlier? It sucked.
Can't wait to go home, days got worse and worse!, depression!
Made a huge upgrade at compañero in Spanish today
the only word i have understood in the past half an hour was hola...
Dear life, why must you be so cruel??
I want to publicly Thank The Collicks for my most awesome early Christmas gift! Wish I had time to enjoy it in my lunch break!
And my lng lyf 4 me my family nd my friendz happy#
Doing homework, doing laundry, and cleaning my room is the highlight of my day
Cold nights on brooklyn rooftops.
Dear cellphone, why do you ruin everything?
About to head out for arizona
Me and ZeroTwoTimes  missed two buses to get some subway cookies
It's crazy how the only cure for a broken heart, is the same thing that broke it before.
CUZ SAID IF I NEED A FRIEND I CAN ALWAYS CALL HER
completely dark at 5 oclock.
Watching the last episode of
*o* *o* *o* *o**o* *o**o* *o**o* *o**o* *o**o* *o**o* *o**o* *o**o* *o**o* *o**o* *o**o* *o**o* *o**o* *o**o* *o**o* *o*
Heart attack! That cop bout got us! Wooooh
And so all the guys on my TL are talking football.
ou right get to sleep in again tomorrow! Happy !
imTakera_ // LMAO!!..did you change your twitter name?? Who the hell is that!!!!! EMBARRASSED.
So much to do this week. To top it all off my iPhone input is starting to lag. Is this a bad time of things to come?
YAYYYYY. Schools over(: concert tomorrow. :o nervous.
some shady stuff went on yesterday
You make me sick like honestly what kind of jokings are you trying to pull here?
My Cousin Chris Graduation Tomorrow From Southern Polytechnic State University. I'm So Proud Of Him... He's Part of My Inspiration.
greysonchance HOTTNvideo is AMAZING LOVE 12
My mouth fucking hurts .. annoyed.
Just found a bug in my soup...
Why does my phone randomly favorite things!
Headed to Mexico
I always get feeling that im needing/missing something .
Somehow people who are strung out & oddly decorated are less pathetic at dive bars than they are at Hot Topic.
AshAuld love that...your shrinking waist and your strong neck for keeping a good head on your shoulders to reach your goals! b
Plan de island goes in to effect tonight
Just talked to my father for about 20 mins or so...Pops always gives me a sense of calm, stability, and reason to remain humble..
“tuesdaymalone: my grandpa is 90 something and still mails me hand-written letters from ethiopia. fuck everything else.”that's love!!
No, i'm not gorgeous. Please refrain from saying things you think i want to hear because, frankly, i don't give a shit
alli_morris17 I mean I'm only a little
alexa_harrison charlesthorp this just killed me. Whiskey is bringing people together.
At da bar sippin on a Cherry Bomb, Watchin the highlights wit my baby. :) Thankful.
Back in Manhattan just in time to get a fever. Looks like I'm  going to get buckwild and watch TV tonight!
Gonna have an amazing WantedWednesday with my bestest!<3
The Help just made my favorite movie list.
why does my computer spazz out all the time ?
Yayyyy my birdie's harness will be here on Friday at the latest! Now I have all winter to train him to wear it =]
I hate having hiccups
babysitting for the rest of the night.
KalaHope1111 what what... you like pot? Shame on you little missy.
I hate how the new twitter doesn't organize the tweets by time!
unspoken prayers for me guys, important doc apt in the morning
Cant wait! my first record is underway!! Featuring Cordell Walton Phillip Bates Marcus Cole, and Many more!! Details coming soon!! excited!
Pumped about seeing an old friend tomorrow! It's been way too long!
I'm gna end up smashing dis fne why da fuck aint da bbm working yet
Benicassim! Florence and the Vaccines?! Hell yes!
HE Text Me Every Night Round The Same Time
I feel like my life is about to completely change..
rachaelwalsh YES! I Reallllly want to go to Ethiopia with you!
lost 0.7 of a pound since tuesday :] this whole time i thought i gained weight i actually lost weight :]
Tomorrow i gotto go to Krabi... I will upload some pictures at krabi Okay ;) Excited sleepnitynight ;0
the best feeling in the world is knowing you actully mean something to someone
this match might be subtitled 'Delpo and the Net'  or 'The Importance of Being Match Fit'
Playtime over, time to get out of bed and do work
Watching TheBiggestLoser i feel bad for them.I just can't understand how they eat that much!
Gaining a new perspective watching the Macy's Thanksgiving parade with my girls.  Seems much more exciting for some reason.
It's seriously the most disgusting day today
My sister can't walk normally ... her footsteps are always massive stomps omg irritating .
brettbeussink carbaugh34 Brett how could you? I am NOT a hoe!!!  
Wait for you? I'll hold on as long as it takes that's
We fought once, made up 10 mins. (: love .
One week of Iran was heaven, I miss it :(
Guess who's going to the michaelbuble concert in April. Isn't that an awesome X-mass present. excited.
Serious statement made by Tritonfootball tonight! 51-16 blow out! See you sat night for the finals folks
Wondering how well this trip is gonna go tomorrow
People who are hypocrites or contradict themselves.
Tomorrow's exam changed to next week.
Killed it just nervous too seeyalaterthan grade at the end.
when you can't think of the word you want to use and it's at the tip of your tongue.
I love when people don't show up for group projects.
Momdukes making homemade chicken and dumplings for dinner
Why am I awake? Wasting valuable sleeping time
baileymorgantee I wish you wernt so mean.
Check out of life=
this time next week santa will be on his way...
A skin care for over 35's is following me…
i really hope that wasn't buffy...
AlBCraze iambrettp can ya guys stop flirting in front everyone..cool..thanks... ashleymcky hi cutie...wanna hang out
blondie was rubbing up against my hip when i got home& i moved while she was doin it& she fell off my bed ahaha fattty took a fall lol
Went in HARD last night!
never in my life has something pissed me of so much.
U shouldnt talk about plans when some people arent invited
I was so mad at the assembly when these Sophomores talked the entire time. Have you got no heart to even listen to what he has to say?
My last spammer had 68 followers. Seriously, who are these idiots that follow accounts that spam them?
wish i could've had a better day but ima thankful !
Dr. Pepper you are my love
They $inging Two Different $ongs . Every $ong But The [1] Playing On The Radio
Yeah i explained it to JuliaG145 and she agreed, called me cute and all.
BexBooooo _tomfenley And your reference 'Biting Pillows' is an unacceptable and homophobic way to refer to a gay man or woman.
-im pissed off. I really struggle with anger.
Relaxing in an empty newsroom 3 after a pretty close to perfect print news day
lyndsyclayton96 I see your phone is broke or something cause you haven't talked to me! sad/:
I just want to know what yu want...
Why do I have 3 tests tomorrow
Hating the Eagles is becoming as big of a bandwagon thing as liking the Eagles
This ladies don't no wat she's talking bout
greysonchance not following me :( followback me please
promoting somebody else twitter for like 10 mins on my TL will get u unfollowed
I'll be so glad when taylormac2010 gets home.
I would give a hell of a lot to have you back.
Matt9Duchene Ha, you just said gitirdone.
Pretty low moment when you go 2 nill down inside 15 mins vs your 11yr old cousin on fifa. Good job I turned it around to finish 6-2
I dont know how i tolerate some people
By now, the guy who I used to be quite attached to is partying with blonde bimbos in his Savage Party. Yay. Talk abt respect.
A thrill of hope!
So I'm with her and it feels like there's hot coals in my chest
Okay, this wait is kind of ridiculous, never going to dartmouth mcdonalds erver again. nopatience & frustrated.
We can talk for hours and I'll never get bored.<3
I would advise that no one watch Wrong Turn 4
Why everybody call me asking me for my momma work number!
Next year resolution: not new hair,not new clothes,not new weight....but new face!!!hehehehe......
I just found out today via 2K that Shannon Brown doesn't play with the Lakers nomore
Well JimmyDualTool went out last night so I wont be getting treated this weekend :(
hearing JonHuntsman in an hour at Heritage!
Getting ready to see the Muppets movie with mom! excited!
Results in less than 24 hrs.
Let's see if I can actually have two good days in a row.
I got to sit at the adult table!! No more kids card table for me!
On a brighter note, I just looked up at the dented ceiling where I jumped into it when big Lafferty scored at Rugby Park last season.
i really need to get my phone fix.....
2 more kls and balik na ako sa weight ko nung college. Yay!
Graduation tickets and gown booked :D....bring on graduation Exciting :)
Was actually enjoying my breakfast for once until I found a long ass hair in it...-_-
Now having a really good night
In uni till 9
How am I still awake,
wish i was at winter jam so i could see the one and only kj52 youre so awesome!
Having Indian food for dinner- mm my fav- I'm kind of spoiled & I kind of like it
have a happy thanksgiving everyone enjoy & stay tru to your fam[ily]
Things are good ATM
It would be pretty awesome if the Marlins announced the Jose Reyes signing during the uniform unveiling tonight.
woke up, already a bad morning? just wish the dr would call to see wth is going on.
JulianJayy You don't even hit me up anymore :/ SAD!
starting this homework for english joy -____-
one new mention..was hoping it was Johnny_Ruffo but it was spam instead.. disappointed :(
My heart is beating so fast right now I'm not even gonna lie
We have arrive at Taunton but no parking frustrated.
that class was less than 20 minutes long... WTF was the point in that -.-
breathing in deep love...letting it circulate...then breathing it out....
not sure why me and sarahxlynneee are doing this to ourselves..
No need to fear “Am I Good Enough”. Fear increases the mind chatter clouding the moment. ~ You are
Tired of being single
It's times like this in life when you find out who truly has your back
People seriously work my nerves annoyed!
ok no need to tweet every 2 minutes.
Every friday I say yessssss finally the weekend but I end up doing nothing iwant monday
Oo my fucking goodness Stfu
My brother is pissing me off
I can't wait to get to see my senior pictures!
Misses whitneymichel8 BigJuice75 cant wait to see them on Wednesday!
India needs to call me so we can make plans!!!
Hates being late I get the front row chair ):  lonely ain'tgonnacutit
Ahhhhhh!  My iPhone flashes when I get a text!!!!!
justinbieber Helloo, what's up? Today while I was decorating my house I listened to Under The Mistletoe!! It's amazing!! PROUD 52
I can't install Temple Run on my iTouch
7 hour drives are
psyclingfan yup I had to drive back to school, was keeping up with the score and thought we might have had it at the end...
Welp, alright then. Going to bed.
Do leave the one u love for the one u like cause the one u like will leave you 4 the one they
Got a 98 on my algebra exam! But a 76 on my english ): my semester averages are definitely not what I wanted them to be
My nigga shake_nobake the only nigga still grinding in college that's still out here
I HATE COLD SHOWERS
poppies around, 11Nov, veterans... I was just thinking about those who died hours or even minutes before 11am :'(
I have a date this evening with two of the greatest people in my life...My son and my daughter... Excited <3
i have noone to even talk to .. feeling
eye_jay okorddil Dcheddah deji1414 is abuad dt bad
My mom is pissing me off
jock6797 The Harold Song by keshasuxx best song eva :)
I have the best family and friends
Christmas this weekend!!!!!!! EXCITED :p
Whyyy cant i hear good out of one ear?
Moved room in the hotel away from the ice and vending machine
taylorswift13 I can't wait for you new album. excited.
BJernie I already miss you! And B_Frosty95
BYoung_11  soo funny! We almost had it...
I wish i would stop gettin spam tweets
Been singin out of an old hymn book all afternoon w my Nanny. Got in the mood @ church. What an amazing, blessed day.
Had an amazing weekend with MrSokolaski couldn't ask for anything better :)
I miss LovaticBoyBR he doesn't tweet me anymore. :(
Now I remember why I hate playing this sport.
You have got to be kidding me.
Leave you out in the cold on your arse frozen, in debt. And fucked over, its coming soon trust me blud.
ICONspikeymike Gonna watch you & the boyz on EXTRA in a bit!
ThingsThatAreDead the ween of the last tranny I banged.
LexxDubbs I never showed me ur writing....
God i hate babies... Haha
One of those trips where God just took control and put you in the right place at the right time
«_KissMeAllOver_ I have no reason to be mad or sad.. Im still living so im Blessed =) Thankful»
People cuss so unecessarily. I mean you really don't know any other words to use to say what you need to?
I hate not having a car right now
ooooh first mix back from the studio. happy birthday to me :)
People need go grow up!
My dog just ate 3 whole chocolate bars..
Finally home ... My feet hurt
I just lost the last ball I had for my lip ring
Just cleaned and someone comes and makes a mess
Up early, interview time
in my snuggie , watching a movie !(: Christmas Party next period ! Excited <3
Im SO tired of the song Moves Like Jagger..
O__Lewis. Yessss! Laurens on my VIP list. What time does our xmas partaay begin?
When small defects become through our eyes qualities...  
There's so much spam on twitter.
But I know he's sound asleep and getting the rest he needs.. Goodnight world <3
gwh316 I hear you were mid sleep, AND not in a country mood.
Can't wait for tomorrow
KnightsDen Just 11 hours left for the match to start.
It's midnight and I'm the last one awake.
Can't nap too excited for tonight! Can't wait to see My mums face surprise!
Fuck like this is common sense!
Something in my damn eye!!!
Acordd145 I love you Devin.
I'm about to drive to Birmingham just to be able to get some wifi to watch Coach Sumlin's press conference.
FUCK the battery life on this fucking phone. Does someone have a blackberry charger I can use that fits for my phone ?
I have to go to traffic school?! >:(
Tonight might be a looong night.
My Madre got Me a nice tv...;)
Trip down memory lane
JacobMoore94 I'm exaggerating obvi. Don't make me break your dancing legs. annoyed illkillyou.
This time last year i had a great job. This year i gave it up for reasons that i regret.
mollie_webb don't ever say darn again.
caleylouise i know which ones which
I'm switchin' my life up in 2012.. Its gone be a whole different experience!
Go to Padang2 beach...
just did my ab work outssss proud Julianna_prow ;)
She dont even know. depressed.
Wouldve had a lay in tomorrow but no I got a fucking maths exam,
Morgen 1ste tot 4 de les, daarna bios, met scorro !
How come everyone had to have a fun night while I had to fuckin stay home
«MrMustGoHard LOVE OR MONEY Shitd u can die behind both but I rather die trying get dat cake Fuck Love»
Listening to Ray Lamontagne on the record player with hiimsarabeth.
I just don't ever
in less then an hour I'm getting off work... for 2 weeks!!! :)
flightwinger all those abbreviations are annoying lol
chris brown has a small wenior
Doing a recording for the radio!
theodooork something's wrong with my fb message, it wont let me send you my reply. :(
Hospital food
It's one month till Christmas!! Excited!!
CARmas_a_biitch wow that's terrible. How could people do that...
Woke up today with the greatest feeling in the world today :) ima have a great day, get to see my lady,and have band practice :)
first time giving blood, kinda
preparing for tomorrow's plans! hope all goes well
On the way  back to londy just in time for rush hour
You are never alone. You are loved, guided & supported every step of your journey. Open to that Love. -
U Ever Be At A Place Where It Requires Ur Phone 2 Be On Silent & U Thought U Had Put It On Silent...Until It Rings?
brittdhart I tweeted will0717 today. He didn't tweet me back :(
about to shower..get comfy & watch my game :)
If your dating someone why would you tell another girl/guy you were single?..
HollyHenderson9 i hope u make sure they cut my dad out of programme!! Cant av him on the tele
S club 7 on mTV classics!
Feliz 11 11 11 y Sonrian..!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.....
Hanging out with my lil cousins
Hitting up the penny wine sale this week!!
Were just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl.
This guy is talented, smart, sexy, makes infograhics about drinking, watches football and works down the street from my apt.
Yeaa nw christmas movies :D I can't wait until christmas
Last episode of real world San Diego
Why are you guys all over one person, like seriously, cut it out. He's human.& ugly..lol annoyed.
Sad I missed the YL christmas party.
STALLION29LINCS haha! ;) beans on toast is the way forward! (I started all the hype around Katy Perry &beans on toast!)
every things going back to normal
i thought it was Friday night..
Watching Harry Potter for the first time, I know I'm a little behind the times excited imlauraleigh
Its a pbr night
Fuck it. Going to San Diego with my parents.
50% of Americans can not name a single republican candidate,maybe they should of asked who are the last 3 athletes kim kardashian dated
AbeGarman1 cash withdrawal mare
Went for the hair flick outside Subway and my brand new sunglasses came flying off my face.
Get to piant my room red soon .
installing TheSims3 on ze iMac!
musiclover3261 We can't get married twice, but if you mean renew our vows, then yes, of course, dear.
Cal leads DU_MHoops 6-0 at the first media timeout.
Eflobabyy oh and ik why you didnt want to hug me now-___-
Troegs mad elf and christmas movies
must say, best night ever! getting my hair done tomorrow
Sitting here thinking about what kailinsmith and Haley told me at the game lastnight! Lmbo
had a fun day, now off to sleep so I can have another fun day tomorrow
Spin always lifts my spirit:)
Grappig 11-11-11 ... 'what will this day be like...i wonder... what will my future be...'
AifricOMalley Thanks for that Aifric! Are you coming along tonight?
Picking the house keys up tomorrow!
Holy Cavenders. Got my cowboy boots! EXCITEMENT (:
The Wizard of  Oz is on
My hotel in Mexico drives us around in golf carts because our hotels so big excited 1day :)!
Attempted to update this phone 5000 times on 3 computers and the P.C. companion always fails. Sony, get your shit right.
Sonunda ive reached my ideal weight!!
Nothing better than waking up to the Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade! Off to celebrate with family...
Merry Christmas & Happy New Year. Also Father It's Your Birthday On The 24 ;) !!!
Just found out I'm going to be home on friday night! At least i'll be home one night of thanksgiving break.
just finished my last final exam. time to go home and pick up my stuff and go to the airport.
I hope my friend is okay!!
Me boo zn stem net gehoord
Shorty said yu 3p im like yea..she like i love yall ciroc and nuvo song its the best keep up the gudwork!!
Why is it when I go to bed at 3, I'm wide awake at 8.
JgDevotedMommie going to be in
Getting bitched at by mom because I don't wanna go to the gym <<<<
I thank God for having both my parents because divorce is looking like a social norm nowadays.
This movie is fucking my whole weekend up!
Getting my tragus pierced today!!!!
Just wish you wouldve spent the night
My aunt bought me my Miami Marlins Hat! Yess
lol wondering how you have so many followers when you're so
Exciting Cowboys/Dolphins game, especially when that dude took out that cheerleader, am I right?!
Goin to da chapel and I ain't gettin married..... But Katie and Eric are! Congrats guys!!! :)
Mai said her daddy in New Jersey not in cv on the couch
Wow..don't remember the last time I've been In this bad of a mood.
Someone was supposed to help me with my lil predicament...i guess not today..UGH
omg commercials about PTSD over here are
Wishing my wonderful hubs Craig_Foster01 a very Happy Birthday!
iBall_NoLie_5 no bff hash tag back? I see how it is!
I may never be at your level, but you can definitely be at mine any giving day..Count your blessings and be grateful..
Yay I have been waiting for this.
bout to go see my boo thing ; meetin his sis today for the first time
tanyasykes Oh I'm already in line. And the girl singing in the Kohl's commercial too.
When you lose the ball to your belly ring
Looking at this golden ticket makes me soo excited!!!!!!!
won our game
creek757 please tell me your not on the tebow train
I Hate People Who Dare to Speak From the Rear
Love going into work cos your friend tells you your in and then when you get there turns out she got the wrong day!!!
had a lovely morning exploring Exodus with our SS, couldn't ask for a better team of kidmin volunteers
ugggghh. school. just one more dayyy(: can't waitttt(:
Love planning secretsanta and Christmas fun!
was sposed to go iceskating today...guess not...
“smiley_keonna “sanganfool So thankful this morning!!!!! Even though Thanksgiving is in the morning, I'm thankful EVERYDAY! Thankful””
can't wait to see you tomorrow(:
La City, els especuladors, els mercats, els ultra liberals...tots defensen les retallades i l'aprimament del sector públic de Rajoy
caroFine22 kjayohhh were seein alvin and the chipmunks AGAIN this christmas
BIG S/O 2 MY SIS FOR LOOKN OUT FOR ME TODAY! Authority_Queen
Just ordered a pizza online. nervous.
When you say you are going to be here from 6-11, then be here!
listening to some old ass deep roots..high on sheesha..
or is it just the season? oh wait, I think it's everything. Blast. I hate dealing with these emotions all by myself.
heymakay there is a drama meeting tomorrow!
Excited for a spontaneous date night with my hubs  
Thought it was Thursday and I didn't have practice....:(
purple68jmg hahahahahaha fine. Brah! Thank you for my entertainment for the day! embarrassing .........
I can't believe I was once one of those girls that used to go to insomnia on the weekends. Lmfao. WOW.
its about to be a very interesting and busy day
MattBlazey I thought it was appropriate for this occasion
Nothing like an after-freezing-practice bath.
Basketball. Basketball. Basketball. Basketball. Basketball. Basketball. Basketball. Basketball. Basketball. Basketball. Basketball.
Quiznos at the Denver airport
thanksgiving break is gonna be wild
Need that strength, need that moment, need that mindset
MORGEN JA MORGEN KOMT AssassinIkakku
I love lazy rainy days lounging on the couch catching up on tv on dvd
watching the land before time.
_iAmRashad_9 Then Stupid Ass Say Ohhhh. I Told Yhu I Was Goin' home Widd My Grandma Yhu Idiot.
clubbbb de espanl after school today. <3 excited.
Add a little sugar, honey suckle lamb. Couldn't miss with a dozen roses
I hate rainy glommy days
Dear Butler, you are making me a nervous wreck.
lol at the 2011 regrets u ppl must hate ur lives
JonathanRKnight Omg!!! Lmfao!!! You just made my day! I love your tweets!!!
I have to wait two weeks for another episode of glee ?!
This is why I work at OvumICT. Planning 2012 agenda, colleague responds: Big Data! Big Deal!
Marcus didn't do that well at all!
I was not expecting this
I love girls that put in the effort to hug a boy instead of the boy always going to her cos sometimes a boy just needs some
People always play wit dat 4 ltr wrd
jan.4th will be 6 yrs for us
Watching cowboys and aliens, eating noodles and chillin. Anyone wanna come?
justinbieber was loookin pretty sexy in his performances & All I want for christmas is you video . keeep it up gorgeous <3 proud .
emmysays um we def got kicked out by alien. And ended up T this crazy bar
I hate fuckin traffic
It's embarrasing to have my 12 year old cousin ride around with me and my friends.. embarrassed.
We're watching old skool Smurfs and it's not half as good as I remember
Jem_KloofKandy Awww....I'm up and the kettle on! Stay in bed as long as you can bliss xxx
Tried to post a photo from Pudding Camera but I messed up the Twitter authorisation because I don't understand Korean.
6 more dayysss!! :D
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Have a safe and enjoyable holiday. Creat some memories and share some love.
“brandonburns9: Too much to do... Not enough time lawschoolgrind areyouseriousbro” HWPO!! Get er done B :))
Why do I keep coughing ?
3 more sleeps, I feel like a little kid again
Cornflakes Christmas as just came on. happy :D
I wish I can have my parents and sister for the holidays! I practically have nobody here!
1D1Million the families getting bigger (;
Dear MartyCaswell if sdutchargers ever hosts again please make him turn off his mic during Padre segments. Thanks!
Report card is sitting in the mailbox
Rehearsal was tiring. Shows @ 7:30(:
Your gut feeling is always right...
cant wait to i see her
being sick is really
Just wana be home with my mom dad baby brother and little jack russel now :(
I want to be your first thought in the morning and your last thought at night
1st exit essay n less den an hour!
so grateful to have time to relax
-instead of this man havin pictures of naked women , he has pictures of women feet in his phone . O.o tf ?
Just got home in want 2 Fuckn leave...
leaving for michigan tomorrrow excited :)
Payday #$$$$$$$ too bad I have to save
:O new imma celeb tonight!!
Happy to see Kwinford23 back in action.
wow my back fat is coming back with vengeance!!
Dancing with the teachers!
Leaving for home in like 3 hours. .
Wow. Actually thought I was beginning to be happy again. Then I realize your just like the rest.
This is embarrassing but I'm watching The Hangover Part 2 for the first time.. excited!
if the people around you dont change .. change the people around you
Can't wait to see MilesKaneMusic at Manchester in April!!!
Guess I'll Cuddle With My Pillow Tonight.  Lonely!!!
Liquor, wine, beer, smoke, a ton of great people, and last but not least, EXCELLENT food!
ok up all night is the only album i'll be listening to for the next 58 days omg
My sis twinBEE_ comes home today
everyone in my school has a paul's boutique bag/coat except me.
I saw a PIG burger in McD Thailand! I wonder wat they call it. McPiggy burger? Haha. xD
Happpppiest person fckin ever
thatawfulmoment when u have a random nosebleed when the teacher calls on you
So I think Charity ran away after I told her she couldn't have my pizza.
Ew human centipede 2
looking through all my old messages,
Moving through life ppl grow up and adapt to all tasks thrown at them, those who choose not to are the weak ones who remain lost
Last day of ms.scrooge..sadness :(
Damn a bitch get a nigga and forget who her friends are.....
Out of school'fridayyy!
Im so thankful for my dog! He loves me no matter what! :)
I can't believe I seen this bitch doin NoShaveNovember & she really hasn't shaved her facial hair she has a mustache & errthing.
Love Takes No Prisoners
Left da N.O . on my way to my house
I always have that moment of pure fear that i'm gonna hate my hair right before it's done.
gonna forget about studying and just go to sleep right now
Wooooo! Tomorrow I can say 'it's my birthday tomorrow fuckaaaaaa!'
Lol when you try to be friends with someone but they just make it awkward.
Get to sleep with my baby Walt1012
ktphillips6 pissed i opened your can of tuna because i am walking by everyone in my class smelling like tanning and tuna
nowplaying talk that talk by rihanna
got an interview at macys!!!! yaay!
My pen and paper will always speak louder and truer than my lips can.
not been up this early in such a long time, roadtrip to sheffield to see rihanna
The black crowes make everything better.
Just got out of health where we learned about abortion
That silent moment after u've ......
Zumba was awesome now talking to thee gf and getting ready fer work! happy(:
my week is just great at turning for the worst. i'd like a dose of charleston now... please.
I was so nice to my roommate this morning
No grandma, I don't wanna eat for the 268531789 time
JamesCoyne went to a concert of his
Work.. then homework. Wishing I was at home.
Nnnnncaroline you make me smile, oh how I've missed my best friend
Do what u say n say what u mean
KarstyGay no of course not
AnnaBarnez I just fell in love with you all over again. ATTN: JCScott51 My girlcrush is now on Tweeter.
I saw the return of the space cowgirl, she had a sunshine smile upon her face my frends & she dosn't have to get high to get by.!
BENNY614 appreciate you big bro!
This is dumb. I hate when plans change for no reason.
I need to stop this, only hurting myself with high expectations
OMG RON WEASLEY IS IN THE LEGO HOUSE VIDEO. I LOVE ED SHEERAN.
Damn. Lee Ving always makes me happy.
Tomorrow is my birthday finally!
has anyone besides johnny cash done a cover thats clearly better than the original?
No bunz for me.
Why do parents always have to ruin a good time?
Sore throat when u just wanna have a good day <<<
Cooking for eds, dad, clo and Alex ... Gunna be interesting ...
I hate when people tell me I'm wrong when I'm clearly right!
In thankful for my family, friends, and everything else that i have been blessed with
Can't wait to take Taydum_ to the badger vs uwm bball game tomorrow night
When I hear people complain about everything in their lives, I think about how I lost everything and they're just complaining.
TyBrad5 our class was SWEATY!!! Lots of hearts pumping! Such a good class! And core work at the end.
Wat if we don't hav Halloween or Thanksgiving in India, we sure do hav Slapsgiving
feel like everything is falling apart could things get any worse?
Ive never been so ran to see someone at a tme like this
My sister is 11 days past her due date; guess that baby doesn't wanna come out.
See last tweet
4 and a half hours to quiting time ... That means 4 and a half hours till cool beans with mkcanavan
all my ricecakes are gone :[[[[[[
Took my daughter to see her pediatrician and they asked which doctor I was seeing....
i hate when people part their hair down the middle..
Heading home to tennessee after work tonight.  Looking forward to spending time with the fam for a couple days!
Licked on the way to work... That's what happens when you walk through a dog park!
it seriously felt like a slap in the face
EnzusParaguarie jajajaja, dije una palabra complicated en guarani :D :D :D Happy Avy'aa
ringsiderobbie1 Oi Oi, let's have it. Her Ladyship 4 days late and we're still waiting but WE WILL be watching from 2:30am
Meeting with the dean of students at wabash
Doesn't look like Mini Me's big girl bed is going to be delivered in time for Christmas.
Shame no festive lights at BathChristmasMarket this lunch and pm and frankly tree looks shabby with no lights on.
Leaving for sandusky @ 10 tmrrw
I love Sundays and doughnut sticks
Forget to tell u... Got my french test today ;) Best mark in class :) I'm happy ;D
i feel like everyone stares at me when im wearing my unii
REALLY WISH PEOPLE WOULD GROW UP...
Tiki_Dubstep These issues never ever leave this Twitter conversation, Callum...
KyleBlackwell11 oh really.? Then you shouldn't of put what you put.
Scallywag82 I got a mars bar one today for a quid in asda! Bloody ones I got the kids was reduced and in stock
Meeting in Beverly hills Tuesday!
ASDFGHDSFL;ASFDH Can it be Friday yet? excited :D
Needles scare the poop out of me
My job NEVER ceases to amaze me.... like wth. Make up yall minds. anyways
being given busy work...
I hate wen ppl thnk they kno everything
Morning doing no work!
the little shit that ticks you off ...
creativesoul5 yes it was but thank you..
Forgot my headphones at home.
On Life Dinner Tonight Was On Point ! Moms Made The Food With
Gonna get ready then ... Go get me a deer
It's been a wonderful Monday!
I hate that it starts getting dark this early. :(.
Suarez, Not English = punished for gesture. Terry , English captain = no sanctions for racist abuse. Too simplistic?
Work wouldn't be bad if I didn't work with fucking idiots....
None of my friends go to school
MichelleSpenc I hate when people try to talk to me while I'm jammin
feels like a redbox night, anyone wanna watch a movie?
This connection. These feelings. This is how it should be. This is right.
The only girl that will ever be good enough for you Is the one who thinks she doesn't deserve you.
Nails done and new top bought !!
I really hate that I have work EVERY sunday when my soldier gets his phone
Typ is representing today. (: omg_jessiedean imbosse_
Empty plane - whole 3 seat row to myself!
There comes a point when you have to let go no matter how bad you want something to work. Sometimes, it just won't.
Some people are to happy
griffashleigh Jen_Prescott clearly not worth being followed!
if you want a relationship so badly, stop being such a slutty bitch and stop complaining every 5 seconds about being single.
Are the GOP candidates TRYING to lose the election?! Another debate? Haven't they learned their lesson?
klkoba I wish you still had work to do so you could come to the library and keep me company!
wetter ( freestyle ) by my cousin NijaSymone is by far the BEST !
NathanTheWanted Your voice is so amazing in battleground ...
Gore vs Wallace pretty much for the win hurricanearvin
IpekVay imma kill you IPEKK! :D
Finally gonna read the hunger games!!
Working for new client.  New work=brain renewal! Learning new skills and programs=WIN! Plus, current client ramping up work, too!!!
wow so i gotta work today!
I CANT wait to go to the Blake Shelton & Justin Moore concert <333
About to drop Katie and Amanda off! depressed :(
..its ok to miss someone..but its better to love someone else!
Damn, nothing I say is right, get to me everytime :(
Watching movies with my mags all day
i AM gonna break up with you if all you can text me is 'are you breaking up with me??' for no reason!!
tomorrows going to be a great day
amanda_stevens4 and I thought we saw j_ross13 hiking A mountain so we screamed his name from the top...wasn't him
1min left ahhh! come on duke
WHAT ON EARTH IS GOING ON WITH FACEBOOK?! It's like a bloody porn site
TDLautner34 me me me. Going to see breaking Dawn in less than 4 hours........
Aaaahhh My Niece is in first place so far in the photo contest her mommy put her in
I had the pleasure to hang w Christopher Hitchens a few years back. He was a total gentleman and a wonderful, thought provoking thinker
I hate being single!
I just wanna sleep. sad.
I had a great time today doing makeup & hair for theblendtv! Such great people! Loved meeting all of them! Hope to see them soon!
gonna' stop judging people, realised people aren't what they seem and are actually decent :-)
Just got a letter in the mail saying it's been 24 months since my last eye exam. It's funny cause that's when I had to get glasses.
Justinbieber I was making my Justin Bieber playlist on my phone & I never realized you had that much songs! done so much so young
Its funny how alexia talks to twitter more than she does her own bf smh
The sing-off is the BEST show ever! There's not a thing in the world more attractive than a man that can sing! obsessed love <3
No, iTunes. I'm pretty sure that 24 photos doesn't take up 8.4 GB.
4 more days till Disneyland.
Hello Kitty trending on twitter! Made my freaking day!
It really pisses me off when people ignore me
awsome i love waking up without a voice
I ate good today
Last week of school
stickers are on its way and im waiting at the doorsteps!
I got out of class so early and have been waiting for a bus the whole damn time
4 more days till christmas holiday!!!!
Honestly who lets people that say 'um' run the radio?
Alayna is actually studying for once in her life
Finally out for the week
When mum sings jlsofficial TACOM :') PROUD!
Just watched mccainblogette on Jay Leno and I heart her to pieces. Way to be an outspoken and intelligent woman in politics!
Only 37 more math problems left out of 52...
bpyb nothing I've opened has been a surprise because everything's the same and you've opened all of them first
justinbieber your following grow up but my followers aren't. depressing *14
Glad God blessed me with the ability to be confident and publicly speak well.
Never met someone so two faced.
He's always there 4 me whether were 2getha or not
Ni 'Vestida de Azúcar' ...
Too bad the true are farther away id make em come keep me company
Getting ears pierced tomorrow for sure!!! excited SammyyMoodyy
TeamJesusThursday need a lil uplifting word to start off your check out my account. The theme this morning
I'm in so much pain, someone please tell me their awake and that you want to chat with mee
Dyin my Hair Red, next Saturday, I gotta wait a week :(
KyleMalcolm05 I'm counting 5 days left.
My love for this time of the year is gone...
GraceDonovan the 92% of unused clothes are extremely grateful and tremendously appreciate the trip out of South Bend
taylor swift t shirts on sale
Goodmorning. Godbless. Happy 11/11/11
I'm strong and life goes on. But this is so difficult. Consuming my mind is what makes it the hardest thing to deal with
Being showered with gifts so overwhelmed...
why is everyone asking me for the math..
State=epic fail. Overall day= epic success.  Get 14 state qualifing band kids together and it will be a party.
EraEraErinx3 momma says she wants to buy card monopoly!<33
Already jammin Christmas music with mama!
Wishing I was with allievellax3 at the beach :(
Unstoppable, incredible- we'll stop you in your tracks. We're the realest cheerleaders, so watch your back.
Aye S/O 2 errbody who snt bday shout outs.. I fuk wit yall
This whole limping thing is getting a little
didn't go to school today. 3 more school days till break... 3 more school days till Florida. =]
Woo 2 songs from Janet next week, charity single AND Jessie J :D
1 year ago today chrisrathburn1 got on one knee & asked me to be his wife. In 6 months, we will fulfill our promise to each other.
Couldn't handle glee tonight. Too much. Too cheesy.
Yeah, engels 0,4 omhoog gekregen!
My sister Sierra McNeil is GETTING MARRIED Excited!!!
Having this heart to heart with Quis.
Theres so much to say about how awesome you are MirandaCosgrove and how much you inspire so many people! you're incredible! xoxo
All good looking dudes are in prison, dead, or burn out in this city
Mmm vanilla bean Noel lipgloss love <3
10 <3 great months with p4tz_ <3
Wasn't what i expected at all disappointed -.-
Maybe I should show the saliva woman my text-- she might take a hint even tho I've turned around and glared at her 3 times!
The house smells like food
First the game gets put away before I can play. And now nobody wants to play Just Dance with me.
Watchin the TODAYSHOW ..... Waitin for justinbieber to come on... ANXIOUS !!!!!!
Another interview in the morning!!!
Kids asleep, wife's at her mother's. Cooking king prawn Madras, supping ShepherdNeame Spitfire realale listening to bbcRadio3
First official day of christmas break and I gotta go get oil changed in van. I know...
Erika- only one at English
Guess who's going to Mexico again??!! Bring it on June 9th!!!!!
Been hiding prezzies in the wardrobe from the boys!
Why is it so boring in Chattanooga now!?!?
this is the first time I randomly text my mom that I miss her.
Morning tweets hope every one has a good day for some im in a great mood this morning Happy! :)
You have no clue, you can change your mind whenever, why are the things I say written in stone to you?
GeorginaWake furnisssss hahahaaa because of our skin colours!! Not 'cause I'm cheesy
Don't give it all out, keep some for yaself
Showers sometimes just make my fucking day!
MarBearzz8 Ok don't put it on my page than !
Ericalynn11811 lol sadly it is! The chiefs are about to get beat I love them but there not that great this year
So many christmas films to record!
SimpsonRespect aww, thank you!!<3<3. :') love.
I can never find matching socks
I would never eat a scorpion for a million dollars.
Mmm In-N-Out   Haven't had this Ina while
So i wonder where mrs.williams go. This dudes are so childish -__-
Done with the speedbumps
so full, that dinner was clutch happy I_PAIed_theKOSt
I hate Milan , half days are stupid
When I'm home, I'm happy to be there, but I miss school.  When I'm at school, I'm happy to be there, but I miss home.
some more revision then sleep! i better get what i want out of this
If I had my way I would live on Mussleman's Premium Apple Juice for the rest of my life and nothing else.
righto - gonna brave this crap weather and head to the local Hospice shop to see what gems I can find excited giveitup4hspice
Today has been so good
Fuckinggggggg A.. Why can't I just get over this shit
Never to drunk to drive a buddy to see the women he loves! I don't care if we get pulled over we are getting him to his women!
NDJ en vrai, il y a que Lui de vrai début à la Fin.
hahaha wow. thats all I have to say....
zaynmalik why are you following all these girls and NOT MEEEE )':
Walking home to some Blink 182
Just threw on some sweat pants and found $57 in my pocket thankful &
You're really a smart person. Wouldn't know it by some of the idiocy you post on twitter though.
He is the sweetest man I have ever met
Getting mad as shit.
Happy early veterans day to armyguy07 I love you baby
tomorrow is friday. WOO. (: my winter break starts then. then, i get my break until jan. 3rd. thank you jesus.
I want to punch traffic right in the face!
I have 2 FAT home made hotdogs!! ^_^
Why am I here so early
- - Walked In, Startin` Tweetin` ; Didn't Even Change Clothes ! Sad -___-
It's gonna be a GREAT night!! :)
Starting to get agitated
I just remembered when I Attempted to eat Okra Gumbo with fish in it!
Just bcuz u have small tits doesn't mean u don't have 2 wear a bra. U still have nipples
Making chili for the first time
I've somehow managed to suppress the pain in my foot
So happy it's Friday!
I'm having my Wheateena & Cream of Wheat cereal blend again for the first time in over a week.
People who keep texting you, even when you don't reply bck the first 1947829 times gtfooo.
Since sex got easier to get...REAL l0VE got harder to find!!
Don't tell me you hate someone then go text them all the time, im not an idiot you could at least be a little smarter than that. annoyed.
twitchy_mitchy still baffled by your decision with the lights
Not sure what I expected but it was certainly to lose more than I have this week.
Best friend comes home on tuesday! Excited :)
Just made chicken in the oven for the first time by myself
I always have to set plans aside just to take care of a 11 year old. SHES ONLD ENOUGH
I am wearing pajamas and drinking coffee, working in my warm house.
British accents are so unattractive to me. annoying lol
bmarchman why did we agree to work. Ugh. I'm already ready to get off. And I had to park in Buddha-fuck Egypt.
Is it time for her to go to dance yet?
Don't grype at me when you're the one that's not ready and it's 445.
I miss my fiancé more than anything on this planet..
his voice is so beautiful<3
JoAnnaLGarcia It's funny how you keep ignoring this huge fan of yours supporting you since Reba from all the way in Panama
I love my MAN. And my relationship.
My boo should be calling any minute :)
damm, what happened between us? we used to be helluh cool n now we just keep farther n farther away from eachother. sad:/
I hate when white girls act black.
On Repeat: Rumour Has It/Someone Like You - Glee Mash-Up. Love. <3
where are you when I need you most?
iDislike myself for being so short.
My uncle went to Mexico, and he brought back presents for everybody, he brought me a big ass bottle of tequila straight from home happy :)
these graham crackers are so stale they aren't crunchy anymore.
riseagainst & adaytoremember? I'M GOING.
ha, ok, that was completely unnecessary.
Bought the first christmas present today
Amazing lights show last night! Way to let the lion out at the end of the show! love!
I hate when you're texting someone and they start being short with you
I want christmas ro be here already :( 7days! Eeeeeeeeek exciting!
Damn you headache. Don't you think you've overstayed your visit.
The sad thing abt love is tht u have to get ur heart smashed and broken b4 u finally realize how special someone is to you..
its about 6 30 and the sun has risen here in mumbai and still listening to tatw400 it was beautiful night! thx aboveandbeyond
Wow I feel like crap just bout now
To my senior pictures I go. nervous!
I hate riding the bus.
My daddy is so adorable he still opens the car doors for mee :)
I can't even get out of bed.
I Cant WAIT For The Girl That Can Stop ALL My Freak Shit Now Thats
facebook is being dumb!!
This mother fudger asks me if I want the day off then never comes back to send me home lol
For the first time in weeks, I am calm.
On one hand, expectations can inspire you, but then again, they can really let you down
That awkward moment when you fall asleep in the tanning bed
ADeCHiKe from So You Think You Can Dance just favorite my tweet!!!!
I got an 80 on my global test today!
I see the Lions & Eagles lost yesterday....
reaching in a bag of jelly beans and grabbing the coffee flavored one<<<<
I hate songs that are played on the radio that have every otter word blurred out!
today is going to be a rough day
Cute outfit with fckng flip flops
Let the Living Praise God! Good Morning!
Rebekaah_ ohh sorry! am gud! my knee also hurts! i fell down at skul tdae! embarrassing :(
Birthday coming up quick
toddP91 is Logggaannn the one who got it?? Hahaha.
Blasting Your Song by Mayday Parade singing as loud as possible.
oh my god my mom just did the cat daddy! aaaaaaaaahhhhhhh
Christmas Tree's All Decorated, We're About To Switch On The Lights...
I hate when your so sick you can't even breath!
My knee really hurts and i feel lik i gotta puke
iheartskrillexx I never see you in school anymore -.- Depressing .
well I hope oomf are still here one of those days..Surprise ;)
Shed a tear just for yu brokenheart or
100 days exactly since my first tweet!
*sigh* one of them nights again
One more night in this crazy town, back to GC tomorrow!!!!
bored, want cuddles, noones texting me. goodnight!
Very good 3x09 TVD... congratulations ninadobrev iansomerhalder paulwesley JosephMorgan
Today was clearly NOT a good day to come to the barber shop cuz we have been here damn near 2 hours! annoyed. . .
All I know is that is doesnt get worse than this... depression :/
I am SICK of this. Can't wait for next semester so you can get the heck OUT OF MY ROOM!
Its amazing how two people can bond over the mutual hatred of someone. love hahaha
I think my iPhone is officially on it's last life.
Just got a call for a second interview with Humana!   excited!
This killing my battery .. Ima just watch tv.
seeing my first Broadway show in January (H2SBway)
JASMINEVILLEGAS I'ma Big Fan Of You! You're Totally Amazing.. Love All Your Songs! Follow Me? Would Mean A Looot (; MuchLove Proud 58
Lost 3/4 of a stone.
Praise God, the Almighty Father, Praise Christ, His beloved Son, Give praise to the Spirit of Love, Forever the triune God, be praised.
Taking a knee to thank the man .
HuntAbbie haha good thinking! Yeah can't be using google when it comes down to the real shit!
Don't feel well.
I need three things in my life: The sun, the moon and you! The sun for the day, the moon for the night and you forever! I Love you!
KourtneyKardash omg kourt please help I can't find your black Nike high tops any where and I want some
SirPedro83 i watched the last episode the other night.
24. Thankful for my life and the people I get to share it with
Bsalad ahh epic,  i should be up sumtime around the 17th or after.   Saa keen
Just thought I'd be different and say I'm ready for school tomorrow
justinbieber hh..its 8pm here xD i will try to enjoy as much as i can (: have a nice sunday as well <3
omg the Verbanski Corp uniforms that Chuck, Sarah and Casey stole are totally a Star Trek reference.
Mr.hull: idk what you're gonna do. Youre only intrested in boys.
so you start doing porn b'c you aint got a check coming thru every week smfh ,.
Sometimes you just gotta step back. Look at the things you do have instead of the things you don't. And be
xolizzie way to use the sorryimnotsorry hash tag.
Chair I just sat on on the train broke
I just fell off my chair
One month from today I will be in florida
6 more days until tylerfarr & jrodfromoz at joesbar & it's a sold out show. Whoop, whoop! excited :)
Thanks for following me Alonzopu342, you're the best!
justinbieber I love you so much and I support you and your family! Will always respect you and pray for selenagomez ! love 4312
So glad my dad baught strawberry cream cheese.
Not gonna lie I'm so bored
Hanna_Pizzorni I did not receive a call about a party this weekend.
106.7 is playing Christmas music already. <3
good morning all. my last work week of the year
my lil bro , whos grownin up to be a great young man
brendanloy MelissaTweets politicalmath I sense a $$$ opportunity there.
I swear if he do this ima kill him
Goin natural solangeknowles inspired me
Real_Liam_Payne I can't wait until you come to Australia! I love you so much, please follow me!
DID YALL JUST SEE THAT SHIT MANE
ETSU sent me my scholarship today! Kinda cool looking at a FULL scholarship! Cant wait to be there.
samsambanana ohhh my are they early or what?
Where's the snow?
Cryann986 what happened to datNiggaCridahh????
JCDickinson32 yes. But seriously quit Subtweeting me annoyed ;)
Sleepy time. Whens this sore throat gonna go away. Getting so
Ollieparkinson oh haha, twitter obsessed!
Harry Potter weekend!
Hell of a game boys
This girl put my earphones in her ear and it came out full of earwax.
Owh! :S Pain in left side of my chest
Should not have written this speech about such a personal topic.
Wine and Christmas music
PunkyCupcakes my inbetweeners DVD should be here tomorrow
all this football talk needs 2 b out my TL
News archives now cost subscription fees. annoyed imdoingresearch!
KirkWhalum peace bro, just reaching out. Hope all has been well on ur end!
try not to complain but even if i do its still the same :/
liv_crabb why do you get run over by buses
NW freedom writers.
watching black mirror..its actually sick,hes gotta shag a pig
my moms ain't stupid she know what we be on but I'm blessed that she trust me enuff to make my own decisions
Local_Ginger For sure. I'm never going to get those Ultimate tickets!
Wish I could change his mind!
i think my external hd just died on me................................................................. LDKJFASJFWAOIFJWIF;LAKDJF
IWasThatKid i got myself stuck inside my locker for 37min
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful
Where's your baton girl cause you've been racing through my mind all day. Found that
Working in the theatre all day again then staff christmas party for the preschool tonight :)
Hey sir, can you stop trying to show off in that Volkswagen of yours?
I wish club volleyball would start already :)
I hate having a runny noseee!
Very pleased with life right now.
college on the brain
Never been so open & real with someone. Happy!
Well I managed to go a while before a levels reduced me to tears
Watched movies with mom all morning.. Hanging out with the whole family tonight
Can't wait to see TonyGBizznitch & alibrooke228 tonight! :)
I was gooood this weekend
Risa_Nichole2 im sorry for tonight
My family home for the holidays all under one roof!
Is it that hard for someone in my family to pick up their frickin phones??
LainyFoltz i miss you so muchhh babbyygirll <3 thiss weekend rage ;]
Fixing to put my headphones on and listen to Will Smith :) :)
Argh, her voices are so damn loud!!
I wanna go christmas shopping for everyone already, its not too soon right?
This is such a good day :)
Ahhhh. Baby napping & others have gone out to get me food. (salad and ice cream- ha!) Time for reading.
Boys @ my uni are tooo childish
OMG!! They said our plane is over weight.....
them having j.lo on American idol again this next season is definitely the very reason I wont be watching it.
Thanx to all the ppl that follow me. 400+ hahaaa thats crazy happy:]
I'm gotta download BitchImTheShit tomorrow
Oh god.. Shut up
Nightmare when you really want somethin but can't have it!!
Feels good to feel things fall back into place!
Secret Santa this week!
Could only find chocolate brownie, I wanted PhishFood.
Nicola_Graham10 HAHA loads of people do it!
HotelChocolat Just unwrapped my delivery of Xmas presents. All lovely, but I spent over £60 so where's my special gift eh?
WOWWWWWWW . thanks mom ..... You ruined my uggs , wowwwwwwwwww just wowwwwwwwwww !
You always know how to cheer me up.
Looking forward to Sewing tonight!!! Cupcakes, tea and the buzz of a sewing machine...what more could you want from a Wednesday?
A man can try so hard to win a woman heart and do everything right and still have an EpicFail bcuz she not willing to try the unusual
8th graders singing Stevie Wonder? Yes please.
2day is Jode's B~day... She turned ~> 5~0... O_o  Jennifer decorated the office wit black streamers & a 50th b~day sign...lmao
an hour is not enough time to spend with someone that you haven't seen in over a month sad :(
Birthday party, Christmas cookie baking, and snuggling.
That moment when you realize there is no one in the world you can confide in
Thanks to the cabaret, ive been singing christmas songs to myself all night
Literally turned the house upside down looking for it!!1!!1!1
Omg! Its a gay guy on FriendZone!
hulu_support I have been a Plus subscriber for the past year. I have never had accessed to more than 5 eps per show.
breaking dawn w. Haayden_Riiley ashton_niicole and Mallory!
Snackade med en av mina närmsta kompisar jag inte haft kontakt med på ett tag. Kom hem, för jag saknar dig så himla mycket!!!!
Got alot to learn in this
I've been avoiding logging into my TD account for three days :( I have no choice but to peek at it today.
The more asian characters on the package, the more ridiculously spicy those noodles get.
pau0802 siiiii prometo hablarte en estos días va? Besitos y yo te extraño mas
Diesel without SarahMoteelall is like crack without a pipe!
Hate cloudy days
Indo tomar banho, jájá ver o love love.
Depression just hit ): I'm not going to CADA!! Jose&jack save me now!
ill drive 90 on a backroad but barely 80 on interstate.
SpecialKBrook without a doubt the only future British world champion!!
Watching SVU...a married couple goes to a swing set. Smh marriage isn't valued the way it used to be. Neither is life PERIOD!
Aleeeeck_BabyJ thanks for being the best and watching good YouTube videos with me
KingWalters04 bigpapa_kyle don't FALL! Lmao. That would be
DonnieWahlberg watchin Santa Clause is Coming to Town and thinking of you.
I got on the shirt i had on when i first met Rasheem, so many memories!
kaybaaaybay Get off Jesse's dick. I like you more. ;)
mikei_ I don't say anything either. there's really nothing to do about it. it's constant. I don't even know why they're all friends.
When people don't know what your talking about
on route to the big city with alicee_oconnor and other lovely people!
Can't wait to go home for Thanksgiving. Spending the week with family and friends.
I was so torn about this Australia thing, but the way I'm feeling right now tells me it was completely the right thing for me!
New phone tomarrow
Caps fans are annoying, have no knowledge of hockey and especially pre lockout NHL knowledge.
First highschool hockey game
Gabkdie fuck u quit banging ur damn foot!!!!!
This time tomorrow ill be at belfast sx
My favourite black pen is running out of ink  :(
glad i only have to do this once a year!
When my Voxer notification doesn't work.
omelusss Billy currington is headlining his own concert tour
NP : Ransom - weezy & drizzy
My phone has had NO signal all day!!!
Ahhhhh anyone remember Laguna Beach?
Just finished reading: The Happiness Project by Gretchen Rubin. Insightful quick read - on to the next book.
Caroline is cutting my hair...
After 5 years of trying, a lot of disappointment, tears and anger, I am happy to announce I can finally parallel park!
All This Time You Were Pretending Soo Much For My Happy Ending.                      AvrilLavigne ;;-
singing tom jones songs with my dad
“lundenhorton: 11/11/11 is the day people like my dad deserve everyone's appreciation heroes soldiers thankful”
This whole Penn State deal is freakin' ridiculous.
Eeek Z has a speaking part in his school show, hes opening the show
Really youtube is going to take ages to upload that one video.
At least I've tried
Thank god for waking me up this morning
What do I even do at this point.
Basketball nd wifey on my mind
kallengrimm free falling is like in the
The tenants act like they own the driveway. So annoying because it makes it hard for me to get my truck out of my garage
so Sooz, you know those Tues & Wed nights we have to stay in, swap them for Thurs & I will be grumpy
I hate trying to call somewhere and having to talk to a recording the entire time >.<
One ticket to Jew hell, please!
So I'm hanging with my grandma!! :))
Love Actually has just finished, really want to press play and watch it again
That's what my mom does sleeps all damn day. Wtf that's not ok!! She should be embarrassed of herself.
I cannot hear out of my right ear AT ALL!!
Anybody see my keys?
heatherpayneee haha this is true... I just got lost on the way to tylers.
Malarky!!! Jury selection is cancelled.
thank god for all i missed because it led me here to this.
This 'ki decemba boss' statement
Had the cutest tweet but it's to long to fit :(
Winter's Tragedy Fashion Show is SOLD OUT !! an theirs still 2 days left for the show. Am beyond
Got pulled over by the cops while trying to learn to drive a stick shift...
Omw....ths guy next to me in the taxi has nasty pimples on hs head!!
It's December, and my best films of 2011 list is still in total flux!
Jeezy, Jay-Z and Andre 3000? Okay. Who am I kidding... Anything with Andre.
Hoarders is the grossest show I have ever seen! I mean what the hell is wrong with these people! How can they live like this?!
DriaMikelle Ight I'm up babe I good a big ass morning boner
Lunch was good today :)
Amazed by the '40 years of Queen' box set!! So many posters, tickets and letters tucked inside!!
ANew92 when are you going to be on glee?!
Haven't talked to my bay all day ugh
really wish I had someone to cuddle with right now
Joy comes from using your potential..
Can't hide it.
The smell of cigarette smoke makes me want to throw up
Grandpa is reading the da
Just listened to highlights of Flaming Lips Soft Bulletin, now listening to new Florence & the Machine album. <3
JaaliWinters itsuredoes.. gosh so mean.
omgomgomg freaking out right now
needign to speak with my grand KRAZYASHELL ... to see how was the meeting , i saw some tweet's
ParishKukadia unfollow me then! & everyone tweets about things most people don't care about.. Like you about games -.-
About to dye my hair!
Stop tweeting your bullshit over-exaggerated happiness. I do not care.
I prayed about something earlier and I think he gave me an answer already..
Really miss her but when I get her that surprise she will love me even more
YOU never miss an opportunity to make others happy justinbieber  be
Friends friends friends, you and I will be. . . And the song goes on.lol
rbgudino all your stuff is officially with me(:
theMsDrake... There is nothing like a home cooked meal! And we put our foots in this one queen.. A+restaurant quality
off to watch my cousin perform in a Christmas ice-skating show!
TweetKojjo hell yeah! Lol. That nigga want shut up. Smh.
DontAskMe for a kiss if you have morning breath or you just ate
Dum de dum. Breaking Dawn is in a few days....
The old me is back..
Last night in my own bed
Good morning! Feeling real blessed to see another day!
doing shit for me for once :)
Get to the money! “ShaunDaRealist Ok off to work I go excited”
SO HAPPY DANKA TAKIN STEPS
cosy night in with ma mama!
This lady thought i was about 12 -___- hurt .
What would I do without Mrs. Sully 
gone a whole week without facebook.
MorganWillis695 I was SO mad!
Wish people would stop complaining about insignificant little things.
Hate when you have that one person in a group project who doesn't do anything
2:00am ?? is she serious.. like, WTF. i was about to hit cloud 9...
I really really want to punch you in the face so if you value your life I suggest you STOP TALKING TO ME AND GET THE HELL AWAY -_-
I'm so tired & sleepy. I went to sleep in ALL my classes today !
Headin to the museum :)
emmypi33 haha i wouldn't want it any other way!
making ginger bread houses with kevin and morgz!!
Music makes one feel so romatic; at least it always get on one ’s nerves, which is the same thing nowadays. ~Oscar Wilde.
Wish my hair would flipping GROW.
peecorn Why are you following Sarismas and not me?
kirk_official don't choke on your food, like I did my hot chocolate
One person on fb said something bout suffolk , now EVERYBODY status bout suffolk . Smh soo
First buzz in a while from a black&mild thankful haha
I get to be black in the musical :) I wanted that role sooo bad ! Time to work on the Jamaican accent lol
Awesome party last night!!
Time to go to school and hear all kinda stupid shit about Disneyworld! excited!
AlexMorgan360 got to stop masterbating in marks lessons'/
WillMcGee14 zak_white samstrantz jdc1901  Dean said y'all spoke highly of me- which I doubt- so he is going to take it easy on me.
Sat in the cinema waiting for Breaking dawn to start
CeruleaBlue I knew you'd bite!  lol  Can you blame me?  Both my brothers and their wives + my nephews will be in Oz for Xmas.
All the shit that I use to care about when I was young No longer is irrelevant too me Today.
Sub and amps almost done!
SubstanceC I'll go to the end of the world for you baby bobo: it's what you call
two spots left available for the A&P teacher I want next semester.. 6 a.m tomorrow should be interesting
Drake_11_K haha i am a pretty crazy dude! Love you too man... Brothers for life
Sooo happy. Really do love the month of december
For anyone at bpcliftonhill working this morning, please tell a manager to call me at 905-329-3160.
I literally spend so much money on other people at christmas
MaxwellVautour time for Lost but not Star Wars.
It is super foggy outside and my hair is already not straight anymore.
Fukkk did slow axx Fvsu wireless and did stupid computer!!!
Awww he next me goodnightt
Homework that you don't understand because your teacher doesn't teach you <<<
Nov17- today I'm thankful for all the ppl who put a smile on my face today. I really needed it.
just came home from newyork only to find my nephews toys still in the corner of my room. ohh only alittle sad :/
Watching the Thanksgiving parade on tv reminds me of when i was there 2yrs ago in like the 3rd row & couldnt see anything!
thinking about my brothers today!!!!!
Pissed at my work. Everyone from kids camp gets to go see Zach today and I'm stuck at the daycare cuz I could t take off!
900Love you so much please follow me back D; depressing justinbieber
I hate when my alarm go off, an I'm already up.
If you don't like how often I tweet, then fucking unfollow me. Don't complain about it.
Looking at footage of the queen's visit to Liverpool. Seems there was a better turnout out in support of yesterday's strike.
it's some cheap a** niggas in this world lol jus sad .
Winter wonderland tomorrow so
Only a few more weeks until i start school!
taylor082296 I wish you would erase your twitter.
Ugh Macys Customer Service sucks and nobody speaks english...
im mad i even gave this nigha my number
en mode LanaDelRey - Video Games !!!
I fell real hard on my butt
i take that back!:L she just pisses me off sometimes
ARGH! RHONY's coming to London?? ramonasinger SonjatMorgan CountessLuAnn eeeeeeeek
After today, no more of this every other weekend...
hanging out with my best friend for the week EXCITED!!!!
my computer is so damn slow
Dear other guy at the next table I can hear your music through your headphones please turn it down
Some girls have the lamest boyfriends lmao
Solo me tocara esperar /:
ImAYellowMonsta Times like these i wish i had my camera
SohoGuy articles like that annoy me, Misha B hasn't got any likeability, it's nothing to do with her race.
Ugh something is stuck in my throat
Can't wait til Christmas !  
One part i hate about growing up..iis everything changes :/
geturgoodon Happy Thanksgiving! I'm so thankful for these organization! You guys r amazing. You and Miley keep up w a great work!
damn you must think I'm really dumb... or really just not care or both either way it's not okay
Sending SuperSon a big care package of his favs 2 CAU 4 finals. He doesn't ask 4 much & is handling his biz like a grown man.
after doing my food shopping i'll have £25 to lasst me till payday, and that £25 will be going on petrol in the next few days
You know what would be awesome? 3 touchdowns by the Razorbacks! You know what's not gonna happen? Just that.
Headed to rogers for a loaner phone.... R.I.P. Blackberry...love you long time
Going through SPACEtour photos and just found FunkSistaB's amazing reaction to the confetti she didn't know was coming. surprise!
way to bring my day down
Here we go again
Girl I wanna do you rite I just wanna give you what you need
Why do people walk around the airport like its a museum? Move it. Some people want to actually get on a plane in this lifetime. annoyed!
Real_Liam_Payne BieberChance143 and I will be seeing you in Chicago. (:
El camino all day
Yes, I still wear my shorts...now fuck off random people
Pick me. Choose me. Love me. OMGGG old school greys
Yayy glee season 2 and my new MJ iPhone case (courtesy of NETAPORTER) have arrived in less than 24 hrs
Stripes with Bill Murray is a must see. Gross naked lady scene.
helen_mack Oh HELEN don't tell EVERYONE!!!!! Jeez.
Baseball season should fun!
Life can only move on
karlsLJ ask me how excited I am.....
Great night! Now going to sleep!
I hate when people don't do what they say they'll do...
Gooodnight, I hope you all dream of my icon (;
SftballProblems hasn't tweeted a lot today..
You can't get OVER your ex until you stop getting UNDER him!   POW!!! (thanks, Maria Bostick)
My pops sayy he's not gonna buy me anything else.
Young_Tuke69 hey is the test tomorrow or friday?
it was nice staying at home with the family last night!!
SLThrun3 I agree! Those are my fav's too!
nothing is worse than hearing everyone leaving for the football game while you are trying to write a paper
11.11.11 today is indeed the first day of the rest of your life!! Happy 11.11.11
Social studies is so hard.
Mistletoe just came on my local Christmas Radio station :))
LettersToTheTV Honestly I am kind of sad I didn't go up there with you guys instead of going to Best Buy here.
really boutta chalk this math test, who fucking cares about transformations
i get spammed by NHL tweets
those mf eggs that message me with their stupid links. -.- i wanna punch a wall.
justinbieber UNDERTHEMISTLETOE IS THE BEST CHRISTMAS ALBUM EVER! LOVE ALL THE SONGS, IT'S AMAZING PROUD :) 17
JoyceMeyer I remember in my early days as a new christian suckling; how Jesus used His ministry through you mightily 2 raise me up.
I got all my food & snacks ready for my turbokick instructor training today. Now I just gotta get ready
If you're awake please pray for me and the final I have in two hours
Scousegirl8531 Us too - not holding my breath
Big day today....starting my new job and giving my first younglife talk. Lord be with me!
Cambodian bull in southwest just laced me wit $50 worth Haze for $10 ....that's
listening to Oasis and getting all depressed and shit :(
Ikaw na COOL KID! YEAH. \m/
Night shift is really messing with my tv shows!!!
Finished book 1 of The Hunger Games series last night. Starting book 2.
BeccaJane45 jmlv96 thts going to be hard
Last performance of BabesInToyland tomorrow!
Dontarius is on his way home!
In other news, I hate when football games run long and make my shows start late!
Stop complaining about being sick. Maybe if you didn't do drugs & party so much you'd be healthy.
Hanging out with DelaneySeavey for the night
ToBeHonest ive met alot of GREAT people this year, & lost alot of shitty ones.
smdh all thest ppl wanna start drama!!
WOOO,ITS FRIDAY FINALLY! ive been waiting for this day for some time now,wooooo!!
Oooh I'm the birthday girl tomorrow
Me and the twitterless christine are not happy girls.
i understand cops are doin their jobs.. but a couple fucked up 2day.. and ya.. y'all can eat all sorts of dick yo, sry.. overall
Wonderful weekend seeing my Badgers, Gophs, friends and family! Now back to Ames. Life really couldn't be better.
the stupid stuff people put on here.
swag on me , braces off tomorrow
one last test before the weekend
I ain't tweet anything all day.....
well this is awkward...
Getting out of Morehead tomorrow
The ending of Jack Frost makes me cry every time.
nickhogg55 I can totally picture that right now....definitely a sight to see
Woke up to 35 degrees and it looked like snow on the ground with all of the frost! Beautiful! My favorite time of the year!
This is the time..
Christmas party for my job tomorrow
GOiN TO SEE BREAKING DAWN FOR Wii NiGHT TMR :'D hell mf yeah !!!!!! Gonna make mah teamedward-shirt cuss mah other one has die on it
MikHolla I hear you! At least you always have your sisters! :)
I am grateful.
Paul Gallagher made it six in three against cpfc today by the way. Annoying.
Pretty Fall day, Aaron & his friend playing catch, chocolate chip cookies making the house smell delicious  & a day full of football.
Can never sleep anymore
Omg mum is going crazy watching Chris & we'd because she got her car where they got there's.
Eagerly waiting for Glee! xx
enjoy 8th grade cuz next year you're at the bottom of the food chain all over again. so just get over yourself right now.
OMG OMG OMG OMG Rose Bowl, January 2 I'll be there elated <3333333333333
hate the fact tht my ex and my boo stay soooo close like we cn wave at each other from the porch type sht lmao
new coach purse from blakey for our 1 year! luckiest girl in the entire world. so
My grandparents really hooked me up for my bday! :)
really starting to get in the Christmas Spirit
I hate days when im irritated over every little thing. ( Annoyed *
If I text you & you proceed to tweet yet not text me back, esppp to an important message, I will break your fucking fingers.
what grown man wears red beads on his plats? more importantly, why do you have plats? women are supposed to swoon?
Bitch Plz U told everybody i fucked u lls wow... no ur a fucking lie like wtf tell the fucking truth
People dont like to see you
Whatttt happened to Houston...
Trying to say I've got no manners, well sorry I wanted to watch tv in my own house
Hate telling you things because I'm afraid you'll be mad and not talk to me..
Cheers to the weekend..
So many planes flying overhead. We live in the country not on a flight path!
jus finishd the first act i kan actually say we did a good job happy AF
btw. last night, for the first time at a legit place, i wasn't carded for alcohol.
To every teen who came through New D Collierville, I want you to know that you are awesome. I see your growth and it makes me smile!
Day off in the middle of the week is the best feeling ever
Why can't I have a boyfriend
Some times I sound like a witch when I laugh :oo
Amazed. God just keeps turning problems and inconveniences into huge  blessings.
That cheesy bread from Dominos freakin sucks...
Sooo excited my bro from florida is here and I get to see him and meet his son!!
Can't wait to watch breaking dawn.
Christmas is so close! :-D
Trying to update my phone but its not working
But my God shall supply all your need according to His riches in GLORY by Christ Jesus.. Philippians 4:19 ..
This woman got me messed up if she think im stayin in this house all day
Idk if i like that
I never knew I'd miss grade 9 this much.. depressing :/ </3
You know people are obseesed with the xfactor when the mojority of the trends in the UK are about the program...
going to muskokz with the parents tomorrow to check out the new cottage and talk with the interior designer
Nothing to do for 3 hours
In bed. Sick. Looks like I wont be gettin thanksgiving dinner...
xo_kelseyyy I can't wait :)
traceymrouse spitandmud I second Tracey's sentiment. I was near tears. Simply beautiful vulnerability. Inspiring.
Brother will be here in t - minus 1 hour
Happy Bday my dear Lil-D. Ah.. Sayang jarak. But I wish you all the best from here.. Be a lady & Just be you! Love  DeschaVyana
'just henry' looks quite good.
m_ishka is it that amazing?
Let me text my friend and see if she still pregnant
Today I've been a bug-a-boo and a cry baby
why the fuckk am i in school.
nmccarthy5 I was hoping you didn't see that
Thanks for putting everyone else before me. It makes me just feel so good.
Invasión zombie con ethne88
Exactly what I thought would happen. annoyed.
Remember when I was happy at 3 am? I do.
Ew going to college to do a mock I know I'm gonna fail and then coming home.
Voxer-ing w/ kalvinrodrillo.
COLDPLAY TICKETS GO ON SALE TOMMOROW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
E_Van10 I do not approve.
letsgoo i found wat im getting her for Christmas
Ok coughing does not bring in deer stupid idiot
Throat is ON FIRE...soup and tea not helping at all.
when people just stop talking to you <<<<<
3rd time I feel asleep studying for history at the dining room table
kitten_bayne name 1 shop down town that doesnt! Told the Irish to head to GW by aiming for the tower & they ended up at CR
notch Oh, I hate them, too. They keep ruining my disguise!
Waiting for everyone to get up ,, things to do
I am proper annoyed! I haven't been this pissedoff in ages. A simple 'sorry' would've sufficed... Fucking hell...
What a asshole tho can't even tell straight up wats good , instead he ignores me lmao
Had about 2 hours sleep
Looking forward to TheNakedPoet Premiere next week... On the BIG SCREEN again for the second time in 2 weeks! Thankful :D
Kills me to see all these Fred Thompson videos. Take advantage of every day you have.
Happy Thanksgiving humans. Hope you're all spending it with your family and friends with lots of smiles and gluttony.
How comes i seem to be the only person that missed the snow this morning!!!
Can't believe samiboiwolanske  didn't hear me beep at you today
What a fucking let-down
Hahaha Gavins12 big sexy with glasses, no blue hair this year then?
Had fun wit da fam. And i luv em well while dey was here :)..... Hint:love sum be4 they go kus ull neva miss a gud thing till its gon.
I hate my piece of shit phone. it died & now I can't  use it until it's charged enough to reset.
michellebranch - Goodbye To You, Such A Lush Song
brineyspears I'm not going to any of their concert in Brazil
WTF am I Gonna Do 4 My Birthday?!? :)
stevilla Yeah, decent little round up! No 'hungry-yak' headline though!
TashannNew I no majorly tack. I jus looked him up and down think I said fool and walked away looooool
I must say im very blessed to be alive... boy i been thru and seen some things in my life!!
lmma Need For This Bxtch To Find Her Some Friend && Leave Me Alone ... Because lm Not ln a Friendly Mood .
katyperry The one that got away :)
The silence is slowly killing me
Don't have an advent calender
You should be making it . Not fxcking it
im so happy ur my girl and dis weekend was the best
Assessment day has come :S
iheartmeeeh Why can't I do that?! Why?!
This is probably my BIGGEST pet peeve in existence. RTAliGThang Why isn't Hyperlink Blue 1 of the standard colors in MSFT Word?
Can't wait for next week running tumbling!!!
Tried not to think about it,, but dat shyt qot to me this morinq...
I'm going to listen to Watch the Throne about 15 times between now and tomorrow.
Im sick to my stomach
Dammit, it's one thing to lose to Seattle, it's another thing to be blown out.
December 15 can't come any sooner...
Had so much fun caroling
Come on boys!!!
You Gon Miss Mee When Um Gone ..
Look I can handle not talking to you for a little but joking like that was a little too far for me!!
Prefiero morir, antes de estar 100 años sin conocerte.
my mom just called me fat..
OU makes me sweat.
Perso, j'ai connu AydanYork quand il m'a follow, et puis après, je suis tombée dingue de ce qu'il fait *.* Continue comme ça surtout
Me, myself, and I all have one point of view and we're all in love with you!
maddie_staack heey! i take back erasing that picturee of you now..
my name is spelled Meghan not Megan
Yelenag8 Thanks 4 The Info 
JetTech33 I just woke up. 2 hours on the couch did not make me any worse. Shivering is gone and the head is bearable.
Rachel Is The Most Difficult Person I Have Ever Met In My Life !
I done tried to buy this nigga a bottle & a bag. It's MY treat & he still didn't wanna F with me. Lol that's that being ugly shit hurt :(
Hello toronto! Fucking stoked for tonights show whoszed thekillabits OmarLinX
he aint pickin up his phone or textn me back
buzz_be_gone66 jcsteh I can't say that I miss the changing of my theme just because JAWS is a program that doesn't support it.
Count your blessings, not your problems
' , O M F G ! My daddy finna talk 2 me all night . NOT IN THE MOOD !
Putting all my troubles aside for the day and just gonna kick it with the family :)
catching up with olddd olddd oldd friends from like 7 yrs ago :))))
All be there for you I will care about you you just dont know
Okay seriously, I can hear my step dad snoring from my room! And my bedroom door is closed!?!
Smh i never heard so many fire station alarms go off until i moved here
Mr. Davis told us today about a girl who asked a WWII vet who pearl harbor was and what she did.
Best night. Best friends. Best boyfriend.
Thanksgiving's tomorrow! Mmmm....i can smell the weight gain(;
officially ready for break now so my mom can STFU about school
1jamesbowen sssshh!!! That so never happened
I wish nights like tonight didnt end
Thanks to everyone who supports PardonMyBlog - We launched in April and are having a great time thus far!
If I get any more kitmarkers on mw3 I'm gonna kill myself
blairgibb just won a goalie glove signed by roughie,off the mawra nd my best mate called me a ledge....I could die and be happy
Watchn scarey movies alone
Ok, I have never liked sites that play music, but if you don't have a button to turn it off that means you loose my business.
Paul Motian has passed away.  Jazz has lost another giant!
Fell asleep last night before I got to watch Johnny Depp
Anyone wanna see Drake with me? Feeling lonely lol
I swear if you go away
lol izzy_strauss always looks at me funny in hall now
Great day today... Portillos 4 lunch WingStop 4 Dinner & my lil bro & lil sis doing great! I'm all :-)'s.. Nowhome with the family
Yesssss spending my saturday in the studio. How exciting -__-
Bout to see Teenage_Witch18 do her fashion/talent show!!!!
Like, she's CRAZY like her brain is actually eating her alive, but we make every second count. LiveLaughLove mschigbo
poor game today bengals..
Wish you would of stayed up with me
I have a great life.
Just want to lay in my bed and stay there till I can go back to Iowa City
Can't sleep. I want to know my exam marks already!
I love dancing in college, this weekend has been the best and it started today
I'm gonna be an uncle!
having supper with grandparents while they have breakfast.
had my first and last McRib today...
Forget Love...I rather fall for Chocolate.. <3
Went 2 a website n then went on youtube. Guess what happened next??? Ads of the website on youtube.
God has been so good to me; THANKFUL !!
When Alex_shamWOW sings and dances during the movie
I love when family comes in town and kicks me out of my own bed
Everyone in this house is so annyoing mariagraziaax0x michelaaax3 SabSciannantena and justgabbyxo please note.
Awah how cute, oh wait it's not
today life dealt me a cruel blow, by introducing me to a gorgeous man, and then SNATCHING HIM AWAY AGAIN. woe.
Woke up feeling refreshed and positive...first time in awhile.  I've missed this feeling and so glad it's back!
pins and needles in your foot is not the one
300,000 Mahomies, 300,000 views, 20,000 likes, over  15,000 comments...Our Mahomie family is growing! We love u AustinMahone :)
Yes I love him.. Sure it happened quickly.. But when its real you just know.. & He's the one..
If you at the bottom you can only go up from there.
praying for virginia tech, shots just fired.
What happened to trusting some one hmmmm maybe they never did night twitter
Hates it when ppl hit me w/  some crazy shit out the blue; to early for this :/
I got nothing to complain about; It's all good
I miss the trap
i hate twitter on my phone... i keep accidentally sending texts i'm supposed to send to other people as tweets.....
MaxTheWanted michkeegan wow! I love how you two responded to the haters :)
He didnt have to do it.
I jus want say... Thank u for taking care of my Needs & keeping me Humble!
I'm not asking for too much.....
marysa_wolfe i love that im textin ur momma! haha
__DEEz_TWeeTs__ we can go next week ! :)
I really HATE when people chomp loudly on their food. Close your damn mouth!!!!
2nd ski bus in a row that someone's eaten a taco 12 pack by themselves
The blackhawks game is looking like the leafs/caps game.
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas
Could watch that 70s show, allllllll day every day.
3 things in order to hav a perfect relationship: communication, compromise and...cuddling lol im so serious about the last one lol
Running out the door to Sunshine FM 106.8. Tune in at 2:40pm for my first round up of the weeks showbiz gossip with Stevie Bolger
I'm officially about to remove you off my timeline ......
So a nigga off da MauryShow pay $23 a week on child support
Thinking the worst possible things... :'(
Theres just no getting through to you
went to subway and only paid $4 for a footlong.  Thought they got my order wrong... but just saw a commerical for it
Fell asleep putting 6 year old to bed, 12 hours sleep and I still feel knackered. Unbelievable
Only 2 more days of school?
singwithkiana You finished 'em all? :O Awww proud :D
justinbieber DO YOU NOTICE ME ? no, you don't, cause things lite that doesn't happen to me. But that doesn't mean I don't belive! Love 14
Roll tide is the way (:
crowie32 aww. Well still. More closer than I've ever been to a concert. Really need to go to a fucking concert! Never been. Embarrassing!
Laying down listening to Deftones
Waiting to see how my blonde whitelights came out
So many things to be thankful for, amazing friends, good health, sanity and no stress, la vida es sueno!
15 More Dayss Yo ! Anxious ^____^
Ucas has been sent off
Another great gift my secret Santa gave me, so sweet.
Ladys let no man pull you low enough to hate Him.
My dad woke my ass up on what i need to start doin
Yeeees!! Congratulations karlpilkingtonq you are my 100th follower!
So tired. Otr performance tonight! excited!
Can't watch the Dexter or Homeland season finales tonight disappointed CoachE17 robertwilson6
Advocacy can be an extremely slow process that tests the advocaters persistence.
KhadijaKd LOOL why lie to yourself you know it was the Carter IV LOOOOL
Wishes fb would stop changing. There's nothing wrong with it!!!
maryErichard ilove my little sis so much!! Couldnt be where i am without you
I'm Sorry, Girls I'm GAY!  
Will someone plz tell me why I always get on a bad team in mw3
Catching up on dvr'd shows and falling in love again with Parenthood. One of the best shows on tv.
Weekend is here parents out of town!!!!
DATE NIGHT WITH TheSaturdays!!!!!!
I'm sorryy all the Ed sheeran lovers, but I just find his music depressing
Oh SWEET JESUS! HE CLEANED THE BATHROOM! now i dont have to boycott cleaning it again ^_^
“RobKardashian: Maxwell - Pretty Wings”
Hate when people over-react for attention Annoying.
nowplaying Sun & Moon (Club Mix) by Above & Beyond Feat Richard Bedford on triple.fi 100vi's!!
I'm in love with my husband!
I have my end of the year review with the boss man today..
M_aalee haha thats what you get;) and do you remember our dance party we had that one time? lmao
GM Tweetie Pies on my way to NYC.
my momma just gave me one of her stuffed peppers... thats her favorite food. (i wouldn't share my food anyone right now)
Really thankful for the best and most constant friend in my life, AmberTANana <3 :)
I am aware of the sadness of this but I have a five hour train journey so I need to keep myself busy
One month left of being a teenager
PandaReemy yesss ! I just want to stay in the DMV! homesick :(
I hate when I'm having a bad day and people make it worse
This weeks gonna be so gooood! :D excited!
Just discovered there's no multiple accounts option on the new twitter mobile update.
Time to get ready and celebrate!
Thanks to my mentor Dom... Im going home
It's hard to sleep knowing I'll be in Colorado in 2 days!! excited  sleepy whiteChristmas!!
Another day above ground
_emma_hamill_ What are room mates for? love xoxo
UberSoc solve the duplicate handle n jumping TL issue... If u need i can give pseudo code for first...
Just finished watching Jack Frost with my little sister, makes me feel really christmasy! only 29 days til Christmas! notlongnow excited!
have been so homesick today and i feel really very sad. it has been too long and i don't even have a date to work towards :-(
Preview of Tomorrow night GrandCentralMIA !!
LittlecBeadles  can you please follow me?
Hate waiting on ppl.... irritated!
Mane I love sum spending time wit MRYDVR she made my day today
Dior J'Adore Commercial with Marilyn Monroe, Grace Kelly & Marlene Dietrich.
Really chic! A million other seats in this theater and you have to sit next to us?
...now this, maximum fine Terry gets is £2500; about a minutes work for the great role model!! FA better be harsh
You are the biggest player i've ever known.
J'ai bossé toute l'après-midi et la soirée, j'ai terminé ce que j'avais à faire, je peux aller mater Dexter sans culpabiliser
I'm sooo happy & lucky to have such a good bf.
Great night with TAG. NOt so great for the 5 minutes I was in the bandhall. meh
“QUi3T_ST0RMM I remember when lady_little Sweet_KaliBudz missbritxbrat just got here, they've grown so Proud”
- good morning tweeps ; hope you all have a blessed day . thankful .
Black Friday shopping, here I come!
Just saw my baby<3 Happy :)
Saw 6 is wack disappointed :(
i suck at temple run.
SEx stonger then any drug even
Pulsating Yorkshire derby my **** – still it did sound a very good game
“TheAwkwardTweet: The awkward moment when you respond to someone who isn't talking to you.”
OH MA SHITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT I LOVE MY FRIENDS.
No more 8:40 class after this week >
Indians were the first drug users and did not abuse
New magazine came in the mail happy(:
Thank you guys so much for the 252 followers!
Its Christmas Eve Eve Eve
AlistairCorbett nay probo! not sure what 2 do for an evening meal now? at no im listening 2 do the beats of maroon5 whilst cleaning
cherylmoulton1 oh that reminds me of falling in river in front lots of Arab men in Abu Dhabi
I hate when my mom doesnt believe me when its competly true but when im lieing she believes me.
To love for the sake of being loved is human, but to love for the sake of loving is angelic.  ~Alphonse de Lamartine
hesatototot Cge Cge, even YouTube has it right?? Ill check it out. excited!! :)
got pranked today! I ate a cake with loads of salt, spices and mustard! D: It was actually soo
Omw to wrk... Days like this i just wanna lay n bed n do nthn... Oh yeah finally goin to church n rhe morning. tired n excited lol
Happy thanksgiving everyone! Hope everyone has a great day and has plenty to eat!
Twitter is about to be super popular after all the crap on facebook this weekend..
I'm Celebrating My 21st Birthday CynthiaBailey10 New Spot In Grant Park...Excited.
I knew there was a reason I stopped playing dark souls. rage!
Beauty appts booked - after months of DIY frustration
& here it is, almost 4 & Derrick is still at work.
Really cr7 ? .... Last ditch effort .... sad .....
Vee_Ru katieboness thebig_t_1 igotyour_keys43 I don't care Val!!!!!!
thinking a lot right now
I love my friends and my boyfriend
first I was pissed. then I was happy. now I'm just blehhh.
Just another day if being sick
So, my mom forgot the gingerbread house.
My dad hit me hard as hell on my leg now it
Prepping workshop for mrmikedelarocha 's students tomorrow about Arabs and the media.
foreman_amy people do go on a lot about, but for a good reason ;)
rolandgirl4 wish I was with you thoughh!! ):
My birthday is this week :)
Got some DuluxTrade paints mixed today and they look nothing like what they do in the colour charts.
Some men r just thirsty n nasty......disgusting!!!!!
Its my cuzzo LolaBlunty's birthday today!!!  I Love Her Long Time Yall!!! My Baby is growing...
Martin marathon on TV One!!!!!
Why do our views keep getting stuck every two days!!
Cant wait to start wrapping presents whilst listening to Biebs' Christmas Album!!
I honestly don't know where I stand anymore
1girl SALUTE got tha owe ALBUM
Fly n then fall
I'm gonna clear my tummy as best I can & drink a lot of Hot water.So I don't have 2 use d toilet as soon as I get there
Interview at 9:30am on Thursday. nervous!!
Uddduuuhhh! robeee_12 comes in my room and tells me that was really good singing c: He's complimenting me for once guys!:'D Excited!^,^ <3
Bouta play my first game in this tournament
OMG! I begged my mum to go to London today! I had no school! But nooooo! I had to revise for my science mocks
Came to victory to eat some blue jello, too bad it's green today
Can't even sleep now
J'assume : MotheerFuckeer imma your LBB ® !!!
Watchin my favorite movie S.W.A.T.
“jessieeekuHhh: don't forget to pray today , because God didn't forget to wake you up this morning thankful”
Getting my tragus pierced
AshleyMoore1230 I know:) haha I'm watching a movie and eating popcorn by MYSELF since you and b are not here:(
I guess there's a first for everything
cba for twitter of to play some darts for a bit before BlackburnVBolton cant wait
God's mystery is astounding. He knows all the deep things of our hearts and loves us enough to bring forth truth in our inmost being.
LovinMiranda Yeah so my parents were wondering why I needed to pay 170 euros for my phonebilt. They figured it out :/
So glad I'm not part of this
ITZME_SHAEL ... I @'d you a couple times the otha day, and you ain't say nothin back to me.
People who beg for money outside the bank
I enjoy Christmas time.
Jammin to christmas music
justinbieber I'm very proud of you,you make me believe in my dreams,please notice me?I love you more than anything, BELIEVE EXCITED <3 58
Fuck I got this test tomorrow...would cheat off Ashia_Not_Asia but she don't know shit eitha....
I hate when your going somewhere with someone & they invite someone else..
Theres this guy (no names) sitting infront of me . . . annoyed.
Nothing but good things coming my way right now
justinbieber I LOVE FALALA AND I CAN'T WAIT FOR ALLIWANTFORCHRISTMASISYOU!! excited 2
Aww, just for you, bethanyshaye07!!
dont tweet no fye sh.t if your tweets private..
After watching movies and reading books from years ago, I've come to the conclusion that real gentlemen no longer exist.
I need a girl to go on a date with on new years...:( depressed.
Taking chances. You only live once right?
LauraGreaux RFMGroup oh and we will...its Top Secret at the moment
come on...hello any body home?
Daym my lil brother has mad swag :D
I guess we will see where we go from here:)
Tired of bull shit drama at work. Grow up people.
gabhowellsxx yes mate! cant wait! woooo
xXlisanne_ Omggg dankje he <3 love x
My dads drunk as fuck but he's being nice :D
Screwed up my right elbow one set into my workout today
Fuck being a mother, fuck being a sister, fuck being a woman in a Hispanic family. Fuck. Yo. Shit.
I wish you all a great weekend, especially to our girl JLo and JLOVE?RS!
spending time, with Danzig & Delilah. These kids are amazing.
Of course my wifi sucks when I actually need it on the train
WildBillMaaarsh he never quits talking
2 cases tomorrow morning - about 500 pages to read in each
Guess I'm not seeing Arctic Monkeys 'cause the presale was a bunch of  bullshit and now the only tickets left are up high in the back.
Going to my first fashion blog event today
Man my bday is in 2 weeks
Dehyphenated it's great, 500kbps d/l speed. Mostly because there call centre staff do not have a clue. We have a hot VP apparently??
meg_nog18  AndreaHorstad  I don't sit by you guys in Chem anymore :(
c_Laura_ oo what did you buy? Gift for yourself or another?
So early.....however I'm up!! happy saturday!
cant wait to be home...
Need to see youmeatsix. No-one to go with! depressed.
Am I losing you... ? Sure feels like it
Kath_Mac_ Love that movie !! See you soon
AFemaleView bollywoodfanmia Those who survivie & prosper in Love, are the ones who don't really Love! Open up & you mostly lose!
mojaklehoko comedycentral looks like same old, same old to me.
Love is Worse Than a Drug. Once you taste it, You Can Never Go Back. You Will Always Chase The Feeling. Theres No Rehab For It.
memoriesillneverforget when I left all of my family behind ;(
My uncle lost his battle with Esophageal Cancer around 3:30 PM EST Sunday.
emilyanndowler I didn't get the memo nofriends hurt :(
Happy thanksgiving, I'm
Contrary to what my mom says, she knew before anyone. GUESS WHO JUST GOT INTO COLLEGE.
Why is what I have never what I want
Riorose haha! I get so worried thinking they've been killed and I'm going to get a call soon telling me my parents are dead..
Rainy morning with no wind and my beautiful puppies
  RobbThompson: Twisdom: Loving Others Is Loving God In The Sight Of Men… 1Jn. 4:7, Matt. 22:39-40
my mom's annoying!!!!!
hate getting my hopes up
El amor puede con todo y al final LydiaFN va a grabar mañana. eso es AMOR con todas las letras.
So so happy about how my shopping trip turned out. Now it's Christmas party time.
I am going to need 2 be the girlfriend/wife that sleeps or is on her phone when in the car just 2 avoid back seat driver arguments!
All I wanna do is Love and be Loved
camronsmith I agree... Hope nothing too serious for anyone.. But I can wait to watch... BBALL EVERYDAY!!! EXCITING :)
This cold weather is making me look forward to 4 months in Australia even more!
In the mood for homemade bbq chicken...
DaLisa_Marie LOL IT AINT NOTHING BUT
Saving Niggas you never seen before
MsClareBear79  It would make me smile, but then again I'm always smiling....when you've been lower than you can go, you have to go UP
I love my family! <3
OMG someone from INDIA is coming to stay in our house!
Freshman took my seat on the bus
Shut up you aren't funny.
Don't think I want to babysit after this! Cya deal wid bad bruk baby! Hssst!
I hate when people just stare at me in my face!!  
Forgetting you is hard to do, forgetting me is up to you. Forget me not, forget me never, but don't forget we were great together.
grace_gii thatawkwardmomentwhen you put a symbol in a hashtag, and it cuts off the hashtag
Wrapping Xmas presents! Now I feel Christmas coming on!
I wish my mom would make up her mind about wtf she wants to do.
I'm in such a good mood :D and I'm going to see Breaking Dawn tonight
o yo soy muy colgada o la gente se va de mi casa sin avisar
“ChristmasCount: Now just TWO days, 15 hours and 54 minutes to Christmas!!” AHHHH!!!
Going to see missjillscott with FrankieSpeakman and MarinaCavic!
waiting for the boyfriend to callllll.
Bahama this Farm Road area needs plenty help. The young men keep shooting each other.
Mis Captain nu al weer :'( was em net een paar dingetjes aan t leren =D en het ging zo goeeedd :'(
I didn't talk to him today & I'm in a good mood.
A teenage boy on the side of the interstate with no flashers... I hope he's ok..
WaqarSaghir graeme jones and martinez went mental, we so needed those 3 points.
Lol @ aceyyy01 for wearing an ole miss long sleeve today. embarrassing.
Fa La La is amazing! :) Oh gosh !! LOVE LOVE justinbieber <3
Someone should be bringing me the Word while I bake.
Call me whatever bc words your don't mean a thing. :)
If I don't txt you back, it means I don't want to talk to you
Yo, this really makes no sense... I'm more sore than I was before I got that massage last night, smh. I's
Spicy hot noodles and a cold fanta for lunch bliss#
Lmao at this Dallas secondary
I hate when ppl chew all loud. Its annoying !!
Porridge made with water..
My mandus were too poppin... Got burned by a legion of hot olive oil...
ONE DIRECTION WERE THE HEADLINE ACT TONIGHT PROUD CiN <3 x
Italian/Whiskey night with some bros! excited.
When people make promises but fail to keeep them
` i HATE naggin' hoes.... B'itch Shut yahh broke ass up !! knoeein yein gtta pot to piss in !! Irritated !
rihanna's Talk That Talk in less than 1 hour! U.S Navy is ready!
My instagram isn't working :(
Feelin some kinda way...wanna get some things off my chest but dnt wanna end up hurt ...to much
_SincerelyShar I am good. Columbia is treating me well. Life is just not what I thought it would have been about 2 yrs ago.
FC Basel KO's man united?? my month is made
i passed my finals excited...
Been waiting for this day since monday.. then plans fall through..
girl on girl action!
fulls annoy the crap out of me. whoever thought of spinning while doing a layout , is STUPID.
-My coach Got Braids Wit Beads
Some nights i just want to spend them with you
jenny_chiarello hahaha! don't worry that happens to me too once you get a little into it you won't be able to put it down
Noooot Astro!   he was my favorite!
hate it when the barber takes slightly to much hair off :/
I really need someone to cuddle with , I just want to have someone in my arms :/
Done with homework and gets to relax the rest of the evening
Okay.. And now the power decides to come back on... It's pointless now, would've been helpful an hour ago.
Customers b blowin da shit outa me
I think today is going to be a very good day(:
WEEZY F BABY AND THE F AINT FOR
ladygaga Let's be BAD KIDS! Degenerate Young Rebel and proud!
Can't wait til tomorrow! good eating and good laughs with my family
TGIF leave for DBU tonight!
will never understand why people talk while a program is on but decide to be completely quite on the adverts! annoying.
Going to the Mall after school so
i cant wait for Hold On To 16!!! they have awesome songs!!!! and its sectionals!!
sydfieb haha yeah love it. Bloody hard game though!!
Food&Football with the FullyFocused Family yeah I'm
The deepest level of your mind never takes sides. It is pure unconditional love. You were born this way until belief changed you.
My baby brother just came up and kissed me on the cheek.. Totally out of the blue..
i hate every thing and everyone right now
YetAnotherSusan ...religion down in a nasty rant last night. It was so hard to bite my tongue. They do some really hurtful things. :(
More exciting news...im done with exams 2 mr at 8.30 in the morning
I could get lost in music
Kind ready 2 move bt dnt want 2 leave mom bt i kno she think da other way around
Home for codysimpson is in Australia. Not here.<3
Money is an object of some ppls' desire... They have already made their idol.
There's one person for everyone and for me that person is you  <33
it's just one of those nights where everything goes wrong :(
I wish I could go to the dinner :(
Don't worry about it... I'm use to it..
edward cullen has characteristics of a perfect boyfriend. someone make a lullaby for me, protect me and love me forever.
LA LA LA LA LAAAAA
antanddec  imacelebrity   Please don't put her in any more trials please
The word Sorry is like a band-aid just because you use it doesn't mean it will heal the wound!
Lunch for only 30 minutes
I just want to get accepted to temple already and start college.
people sometimes just drive me crazy!!!
When couples subtweet each other.
So warm and happy sat on my sofa waiting for the xfactor with my gorgeous boy and beautiful sparkly Xmas tree happy :)
Thatz my fav word...
Shopping puts me in such a bad mood sometimes
Just woke up from the best 3 hour nap.
rachael_cowart i cant figure out if wiz is gonna be with him or not.
frostyvampire Yeah, WOOTWOOT! I should get that easily! Unless I get cold feet... O_O
Within 2,5 hours I'll be giving my presentation (Research: Maya; Collapse of an Ancient Civilization) in front of some 300 people..
Me as well. ;) “dfairbanks: The first snowfall means I am whistling Christmas songs, much to the dismay of my co-workers.  jolly”
Just downloaded a shit ton of apps too play after finals
Bill_Haskell The greatest feeling in the world is knowing that I get to come home to my best friend everyday :)
Shopping was unsuccessful, they don't make toys like they use too, everythings digital and electronics,...
Gonna have to wake up at 6:50 tomorrow :( ugh! Study math test! sad.
Absents makes the heart grow fonder
Working the drive through is not for everyone! CLEAN YOUR EARS BITCH!
When I get back to SD I'm wining and dining the fuck out of the person who kept me entertained.
Quit tweeting about orange leaf..
Mother and I are going to see Breaking Dawn!!!
IK LEER ECHT HARDD proud ..
Did i really play farmville?!
I have made a jug of gravy so thick it could pass for jelly.
Headed to the gym! Getting shots up, low-key excited after 25 years, that's
Take the temp test next Thursday nervous : \
going to bed early.
3-4 verloren
The Falcons look like the Texas State Armadillos.
phxreguy Are you trying to say they couldn't find a clue, even if it slapped them in the face?
Hot chocolate + candy canes + Christmas movies =
This is gonna be an amazing week! I just know it!
I just texted this ;( to somebody on accident and just realized I got a new found emotion lol....
Heck 1st match tomorrow ready to wrestle...
I love waking up to so many texts, I feel loved :D
Why do dog owners allow their dogs to use the public pavements as their own personal toilet!
Thinking about you puts a big goofie smile on my face.
caseyhamrick14 e_rich2one  we love moms named Debbie
Ehrm maybe not Titley tonight, sick child and sick all over
I get a bit philosophical around the holidays, so when you see some deep tweets from myself, let me cook. It's all LOVE.
Getting ready to go to Emsellata to celebrate 96th anniversary of the Republic of Tripoli.
Sky Might Fall, chillest song I've ever heard.
How is it possible that I look for something for 20 mins and someone else finds the same shit in seconds?
Guess i'll clean up , babe gone for the rest of the day : ( wont be seeing her tonight ..
cant wait to see maya_powers & Joyyyamt02 tomorrow excited :D
Sometimes I get sick and tired of doing sh.t for you!
Just witnessed 'The Goat' in KeystoneMtn charge Veterans a cover... on Veteran's Day.
why all funambol clients for desktop look cranky? Am I missing something?
Laughing at the fact that misery truly loves companysorryyoucantgettome Ha!
Sleep for a few hours then homework
.Folks Aren't Relevant Till They Pass; Smh Sad.
Bills paid, eatin good, good grades..AND I did it all on my own?
Miss my boyfriend wahh
So somebody sent me a pic of their dick & my manager seen it....
Who voted for that dick to win bbuk wtf?! Horrendous decision
On to the third house.....trying to make it to winchester to see my other family
camdubz omg, please change your picture!
nothing turns me off more than conceited people . your good looks are destroyed by your ugly personality
Everday Is Like Christmas, Cz Life Is A Gift :)
Party With The Fam =)
Christmas is only in 23 more days!
barbiegirl131 nothing, the joke was rubbish anyway embarrassing xx
Tønsberg and allround championship up next!!! :)
anadiezmartinez no lo dices enseriooo si en verdad hay
No regrets, no worries! Im gettin where i need to be with God. Thankful & Blessed :)
All you care about is how many followers and tweets you have.
Seriously, how many negative things can you tweet in a minute?
RuramaiMunyanyi u ddn reply me
Going to watch crazy, stupid, love with Tom Tom!
Skupina Team po 30 letech končí...
twilightttt! jokes happy anaverssary of my word 2.0 proud!
New blog topic idea from mattklewis on wilshwash this am: What Obama can learn from Rex Grossman?!
J'adore, quiero saber mas de ella. Ufff
Some shit just gets to old.
Going to the dallas cowboys game today <33333333
And we are out.
first time in weeks that i havent been out
CoryMonteith awwww I love that film :) & OMG you answered my question
n make love“IamTysonBettis It's the season to give LOVE and receive LOVE”
justinbieber Is today the world premiere video 'All i want for christmas is you' and you have ·15MillionBeliebers PROUD 24
np: Bust a Move - Young MC
ammyyyxxx dont think u really thought about it...im awesome and ur pretty ok so together = <3
This great invitation landed in my inbox :-)
People get me so mad  
Iv just noticed STBarker89 'graduated from the NBC' outrage howhasthishappend LCliffytee ScottyPaterson7 Lewdog17 lamby2310
Aww mother got me a 28 piece double pack of gum while I was out
Aww crap...today's the day..i dont know what to say..
“madiilafs: Back in Texas!!!!” thx for sayin bye before u left
Remember back in the day when WWF was doing all the crazy advertising for Taz? Had us all hype wondering who, and it was Taz.
SarahAllen921 pft your not sick ...;)
2 Days Till 3Stooges Drops...... StayTuned Love!!!
On the road to northeast Atlanta!
Couldn't sleep for shit. My stomach hurts too much :'/
Just got a box in the mail!!! 2 beautiful pink crocheted blankets from my Grandma Neal
My Christmas present this year was money to buy my first real pair of cowboy boots. Get me back to Nashville now!!!
Got an unexpected day off! Which means today is a stay-in-bed-and-catch-up-on-reading day.
I think my team lost at trivia. :-(
Guess that mcdicks run isn't happening :( , fml ,
Bortyy TaurusTerms goodluck ;);) at the interview
Like 4 people i haven't talked to in forever have texted me being all nice recently. It makes me happy. :)
Hate whn they show cops epi frm th 80s. All th cops hav feather cuts & th crimes are not
When people walk really slow in front of you!
No matter how long I'm gone, my dog always throws a party when I get home, like he thinks I'm just the coolest thing on earth.
I hate seeing that person that you used to be so close to, talk to every day. & now your strangers; like you never even met them
Mom stays up later than me
On my way home droppin our boy off 1st tonite was to funny n I was sober
Taking up the art of making lacefronts nd closures. Done doin wigs nd sew ins. To bad im not goin for cosmetology md hair.
The blackness of this school is terrible disgusting !!
Can't wait to see what God has in store for me in the fortune!
This had to be the comedown of all comedowns, it's not even slightly amusing
Bishop & The Word Network blessed me on tonight!
It gon be a long time b4 i use the word
Twilight in 2 hours!!!!
1 more day of work n then I'm goin to my mama graduation from CSU!
Watching the movie change-up
Train Radio on Pandora
By the end of this week I should have everything sorted for south America
Happy holidays and a great long weekend to all!
Thought I was getting 20 hours of sleep tonight... nope, alarm was just set to PM
Double date later with Elana.
good wine and great food! mmmm
Want To Get Tatted So Bad....
I won't feel okay until she's out of surgery
Didnt go to school, yet still took 2 hrs for lunch lol
friggin done making leaf piles! now time to drink and eat forever!!!
Where the ride or dies at I'm on a mission for that real shit not no fake shit
Hahahaha I can't help but laugh at my own stupidity...
Being naked in these silky sheets.......
Horseback riding 2day for my birthday with my Bestie elzaanuys
english lesson:) Two hours left.. Brr soo cold..welcome winter..:D
Stop playing Christmas music its not even December yet! annoying!
five days till christmas
B_leeDreamfoxx thanks. yea im still here
Not even tryna club tonight .. jst tryna laugh, have some drinks and be around the people that's been there.
Day 1 went as good as possible!
just suddenly got very very excited. I love it when things like this happen
Misss_Malisssa let's not talk about that ):
putting up the christmas tree by myself... i'm the only one in this family with christmas spirit
pollyannnnn hahahahahahahaha I wish I never asked for it now....
Dbattdagreat lol thanx man
I wish I could have my old life back , including the one I
No txt no mention no tags
When best friends act like they're you're fucking boyfriend
Just found out that you gotta be a fucking Wash U student to go to the timeflies concert thursday.
When u don't feel hungover on a sunday! That's the best feeling ever!
Just tripped over someones bag
im home alone on thanksgiving
Ian_gera WWWYKI You know it!! ZackRyder Take Care and Spike Your Hair
My dads always on his phone
This cough will not go away!
i just sneezed and my back popped. :(
179 RT's :) almost 200 lol
Going to the new forever 21!! excited!!
ainurqistina loser! use proper grammar! ahaha well fine then! :(
i need to start proofreading all my tweets before i tweet them, i never write things as i think them
Apparently Kate Middleton is pregnant? Anyone else heard this? is it true?
Pictures of food in restaurants always make it look 10x better than it actually is.
cant thngs just go my way for once
Wish I had a computer that would work
About to head over to this tour and meeting.
En Route 2 a wedding, happy for one of the most faithful brothers in my church getting married today
I_Skream I am loving the new skreamizm. Production is absolutely spot on, I can't take my headphones out from my MacBook
jadefleming_ whenever I kill someone I expect them to stay dead-damen
Best thanksgiving yet. With the best people ever.
going to get some new clothes today for christmas:) yaaay!
That Garmin advert on the radio makes me wanna rip my ears off...!!!
Packing for Philly_Marathon weekend!
I'm so tired of this, i just can't do it ...
Matt_Smith56 nodaysoff92 realrobrotten Matt smith you suck do bad with your dumb tweets.
theokatzman haha it's not really much at all, but I am ridiculously broke and really looking forward to hearing you guys!
Crap...I just heard a girls voice in the suite. Guess that means I gotta put on pants :(
TommyBoockmeier sadly the grinch is no longer on and who knows if I'll ever get to watch it before christmas
LYKKEEEEE LIIIIIIII TONIGHT :D who else is going????
kirundle ChristoCairns dog just died.
Dad forgot me and my sister at the mall
Seriously, I can't stand oomf sometimes.
First te ads betwen the Classico, and now THIS. TenSports  .
justinbieber Everything you do make's me happy. Whenever I'm feeling down I just listen to your music and it cheers me right up proud :)
Each successful person has a painful story. Each painful story has a Successful ending. Accept the pain & achieve the gain.
don't feel gud. but i did get my permit today!  happy.
8 days away from vacation!! Leaving a week before the holidays gives me a week less to get everything done!
OMG!!!!! Just the canteen might start doing kebabs at dinner!
ThingsPeopleShouldntDo act dumb for attention!
jferg93 have fun at work! :) hopefully see u later!
Playing For U18's In The FA Youth Cup Wednesday
justinbieber UNDERTHEMISTLETOE IS THE BEST CHRISTMAS ALBUM EVER! LOVE ALL THE SONGS, IT'S AMAZING PROUD :) 6
Thanks for the memories in St. Louis Albert & good luck in Anaheim. We'll reconnect in Cooperstown in 15 years.
emoncrief yea he worked his way up in my book and just threw it away
that awkward moment when someones avi is a bug and you really try and kill it 0_0
Just won our rachael at catchphrase. Pride.
CaliRaised_23 Ew. I like die when they go to the bathroom barefoot.
TheRealDanCardi can't believe that just happened to us
waiting for Breaking Dawn to begin! :D heehee :P
Today. Was. The. Best. Day. Ever. Thanks to MrChrisRene !A tweet!3favs!Retweet!AND he chose my tweet for the 'text tweet&call'video!
I miss my bestfriend itslikefabulous
no ones even tweeted me  tonight.!
Off to ninezeroone where magical things seem to happen to my hair
On route to Sport_England to discuss exciting research into the sporting needs of 16-19yr old girls! Led by divacreative. exciting!
Finally got my schedule done! Piss of at the fact mix screwed up 3 my classes!!!!
I don't understand why everything revolves around my brothers......
I love my niece:) She got 149/150 in her ABRSM practical piano exam, the highest in my country and 90 countries! I'm
scary when you think you can trust someone and really theyve been stabbin you in the back all along
- Tomorrow Starts The CountDown To TheEnd Of The 1st Semester ( :
It's amazing the difference is when I'm  within Gods will vs my will internalpeace and
That was supposed to relieve my stress not add to it...
Don't text me if its gonna take 45 minutes to reply
Stuffed! It should b illegal 2 eat this much!
I live life to the fullest everyday!!!!
Words cannot describe the overwhelming sense of relief when I check twitter and see I didn't loose any followers whilst asleep
Why sould I even try cause its obviously getting me no where
Attempted to watch the meteor shower but saw nothing
suzannebruton ok good as long as you forgive! I think I can take the payback! I deserve it huh?
Last production of cirqus.
No one fought at the mall last night.
How to kill the euphoric feeling of the Iowa State win? Sports Center intro...Penn State, OK St plane crash, NFL injury report
Ready to go to Houston :) !! excited!!
having a boyfriend would be nice
aub_sicle29 I know I miss study hall last year catching up on some glee songs
Dang Oklahoma State women's basketball coach nd assistant coach died in a plane crash! And some other ppl
What he don't know is how hard it is to make it look so easy.
Some people really need to get twitter and stop updating their bbm every 5 seconds regarding what they're doing!
physics, you would make me cry
brokenworshiper lol.....idk how to add you on fb from my phone
It sucks to lose but I give glory to god for the opportunity to play,the experience, and the life long friends I've made
I get so happy when I find an f21 song. Ahhh I   this song
I Kiss my girl even if she got a Cold
That moment where nothing else matters... It's just you and him >>>
Just not good enough 2day are final balls have been terrible even Valencia was poor I hope diouf if sold he's not good enough
landed in KY. the flight wasn't too bad, I read and listened to music thw whole way :)
love my boyfriend & my friends
Never seen narnia this is a first
janneellx3  Starbucks in the morning!
Time to at least attempt to get some sleep tonight, but I truly can't wait for tomorrow to see everybody!!
about to beat dead island.. by myself! that's right biiittcches :)
Really starting to find out who my friends are these days. annoyed.
Im done with tryin to make people happy, it's time to fuckin party
Keeping Don Harmon's family friends and co workers in my thoughts and prayers
I really do miss my best friend. and I wish I didn't, cause he wouldn't think about me. but hey I'd rather miss him then someone else
My toddler nephew fed My dog chocolate:'(( Worried :(
INSOMNIO... Suena George Michael!  
“ThugRatch: Xbox is the worst thing ever invented. nuffsaid” Logan not textin back?
Just found my boyfriend stopped on the bypass to see me hahah
“JoMannings: GeorgeMichaelNL GeorgeMofficial GeorgeMichael any news on how George is doing? worried”
I set my pencil down on my bed and now I can't find it...
Looking forward to attending my WeightWatchers mtg tonight. Can't wait to have all the new features demonstrated! ;o)
Got a pair of Michael Kors booties AND a pair of Via Spiga's being shipped from West Bumble, Cali...
Spark7z no no non on on on o no n on on  ononnohong onhdoz[nh bvho[ixnj[ofxhjnc nxnfg......
K_FERM that's what you think? sad :(
work then hanging with my girl Allisonbeck
Man i love seeing my family
One busy day tomorrow, then home to NJ for thanksgiving!
Driving half way around the North East in a bright yellow van, with a giant screwdriver on the top
I'm so fucking bored ahhh
When you think you've had a bad day, remember some kids..even adults wake up not knowing if theyre gonna even eat at all that day
My dad just won loads of chocolate happy xx
Taking Adysen to the hospital. Worried O_o
the last couple minutes of 16 candles gives me the chills & makes me happy.
This English Breakfast tea though.. bliss.
smithjr500 tell me something I don't know!
I can't wait for Christmas, to see all my family together and recieve all that awesome presents!!
How B doing? She surviving....lol{in my kanye voice}
Filled out an application it's been a looong time since I did that
Kodack_NeverDid I heard yall niggas been on the track puttin in dat work .
Feeling like Peter Pan...
everyone only starting loving you from twilight,funny how i loved you since you first appeared in the summer house for 30seconds?
Omg I remember the words to the steps songs!! ..and the moves!!
easiest Half DAy 1.chem 2.study hall 3.Health 4.study hall thats
I'm never allowed to drive when I want to
I go out looking like craaap and then*baaam* hot guys everywer....sooo not my day lol
JoshASnyder BradBurchette freelancing for NW Observer!! So
payingbills feels better than not paying them.
Looky here bitch I don't wanna hear your shit about how you get everything
U aren't now! Great idea! Lol“sonorachase: Am I the only one who uses my radiator to warm up my tortillas? TexanYankee TexMex Homesick”
BsRhAeDeLtEsY I'm surprised to see you tweeting
Thanksgiving dinner was fucking amazing. Time for some football.
Na na na na na na, I just shoot  a man down
Okay you dumb ho, RED is a color, READ is what you can to or could have done with a book...well clearly not YOU specifically...
Well it's official, everyone in sports takes drugs...except Tebow of course, he's on an abundance of JESUS grace and
Is it sad that im super stoked to see Breaking Dawn tomorrow night?!
Ma duce at CK'S HBIsCoya lmao
I wish I wasn't sick...I would enjoy very much a bottle of my lovely captain morgan rum and some coke
Why does the human brain always go straight to the negative when thinking about possibilities?!
warne888 only took the opening session of the test for your 99 vs NZ to be brought up
Looked at my throat with a flashlight. Its so much more disgusting then I thought.
MineCon in only a few minutes
Someone is singing elephant love medley really loud outside my window... kbragz
Can't flipping wait for Sunday.  AHHHH!!! EXCITED (=
I'm fat as fuck now -.- up to 14.4% body fat and can barely finish a game of basketball without feeling winded
Once they see that you're doing better WITHOUT them, that's when they try to get back with you.
If your going to be annoying. Don't talk to me. And if you think you might be annoying me. You probably are. ANNOYED -_-
I don't know how to say good baiiii  T T
Don't text me and than not text me back -_-
just saw a commercial for the outlets!
Brettski hahahaha! why not get the Note? Look, its not as advanced as the 5110, but it seems pretty cool. But no Snake
Seriously twice ! I have acctually had enough don't expect me to sit here and wait!
4get a safe ima hide all my stuff in books bcuz its soo true wat dey say bout hiden stuff 4rm niggas... we dnt eva read...
Just have one question. Didn't know it was that hard to answer
things just never turn out how i hope. i love my life and all, but i'm
Woho! Fick tag på lite grejer fr Versace kollektionen!!
I can't get enough of the tae today...
Fck I did bad on my Religion test...
To be disappointed is not rare but to feel disappointed is worse.
nothing like waiting for a 1 min ad to watch a 12 second video on youtube
Never again ... dat was weak as fxck !
13th December. My Big Fat Gypsy Christmas.
Man... I am so very blessed. Praise be to God
best day ive had in a while
I would so much rather be wrapped up in your arms then laying in bed alone..
It's raining, it's pouring, hurry up UPS, I just want my hat.
Macs aren't supposed to misbehave.
saki_3104 Ne last night we work on third song for my single Brahms sounds like NIN now lol It is so trashy dirty interesting *0*
No I do not want to step up off my job Norfolk southern... So quit calling me and let me sleep.
Mo_Cadwell So I was creeping on your pics and found the screenshot of the texts from my 21st
My bus has broken down on lambton quay.
jarradgrigg thankyou so much Jarrad! I'm glad you had a good night, it feels great to be over now. :]
TCU purple over Ravens purple, any day on da loyalty :)
justinbieber baby I hear melodies when your heart beats, baby it sings to me like FA LA LA LA LA .. <3
About to get dressed for work. Brother is coming over for through weekend. YAY!!!!
Ate a bangin' salad for dinner
AshleyLaShaye: This is my 4⃣0⃣0⃣0⃣ tweet...
your engaged, stop flirting with other guys and get me off the stand!
MaryFrickenRuva it is going to happen when u r least expecting it...
People need to stop saying swag all the time
Happy Birthday Ducky! JoWriter Love you madly...
only1wello IGHT I'LL TEXT U IT ...HOW THE HELL U DNT HAVE HIS ### EVERYONE ELSE DO LOL
budgie1927 gavjinx10 gavbog schmike83 Steve David blatantly cheating!
This man tripped going up the bleechers. . .
Thanks for bearing with me, Mark.
WON TICKETS TO SEE ollyofficial AND RizzleKicks!! In Nandos. In 2 hours. Omggggg. Excited!
I hate when people leave a Facebook status then tweet the exact same thing!
Gettin on the mound tomarrow to
Cleo SA mag, what bad English and grammer errors!
ash_michelle4 hey what about me?
That nice breeze comin thru my window
I HATE the smell of smoke in casinos.
HayleTextor omg Hayle Texties got a twitter (: coming to visit you
seriously just grow up. don't know why I even still talk to you.
Goodbyes are the worst. Having 2 homes sucks.
When Pudsey sneaks up on you and makes you scream
Cant wait till i get over this mistake that jus wont seem to change
Capless HEY! :)  Are u ok these days, ur a bit quiet. xxxx
rihanna I have weallwantlove on replay right now!
In the shower, and my water turns off. Apparently there's a broken pipe they're repairing. Good to know.
Time to sit in 4th for 2 hours and do nothing
25 days until Christmas, & the beginning of basketball <3.
you know when something happens at night &you realize its real in the morning . yeah that just happened to me
MarcuscollinsUK how does it feel to know that you have never been in the bottom two&to know your guaranteed a place in the semis? proud xx
“ThatAwkMmtWhen: That awkward moment when someone you hate tries to talk to you.” BurrgerBoss we have this moment everyday..
j_martella Awesome, first exam is off to a good start!
No weapon formed aginst me shall prosper
SidoniaSimpson allymcfarlin hahah yes! It's so weird not being around you guys..I feel so
didnt get on tv...
2 of my biggest pet peeves this semester: immaturity and SLAMMING doors!!!
Taal en bedrijf
TV_Agent Isn't E! A part of the NBC/Universal umbrella? If so, technically he already works for them.
So, Australian Parliament, we're still doing the Lord's Prayer thing?
I finally found the Tweet button on the iPad!
I GET TO SEE MY WEDDING DRESS TONIGHT!!!!!  (it won't be green!)
my ear is killin me plus not having a good day....
I wish i could punch them in there face some times -_-
Friday and all that's on offer is the sofa
This food needs to hurry up
Nutcracker with the madre
Having drinks by the pool with laceyrose6
such a long and fulfilled day :)
I had the most amazing thanksgiving! I love my family, spending time with my man and how welcoming his family is! So happy!!
Waiting for you is like waiting for rain in a drought useless and
I just want to fall asleep
No chance of a white christmas this year. :'(
Lots of news today
im going to find them before this day over...that s a promise
SMFD Missing Another Function! Irritated!
TiTi_White im glad you do[=)! because alot of ppl don't!
My phone's clock is stuck on 6:41
shakin my dreads frustrated -_-
SearleDave interesting comparison. Watch out for US jobs report in 3 mins - stay tuned and watch US futures!
Why did i get the bright idea to get milks tweets to my phone!
I can tell this year Christmas won't be a happy one
Dr appointment number 2 anxious.
Alvin and the chipmunks 3!
dear test gods; please let me pass this test, i will be your slave forever if you make my request love, bronwen
I   musiC... :) iT completeS ma lifE, fills in the missinG pieceS!
My moma just found out I like gettin smacked on the a** while havin sex! Lol.
People who use 'chill' to describe someone
sammiehawley agreed cause they have noooooo game
I leave the room for 3 seconds and my roommate disappears. She's kidnapped by the ghost of Printy 40
Just when you think you finally realized who the right guy is, you found out you're wrong.
!!! “8_Tallahassee: When i hit rock bottom...thats when i knew i didnt belong there...now im workin my way up proud”
I <3 me and the life I live it aint perfect but with my mentality it only gets better
Happy Thanksgiving! So unbelievably thankful for all my friends and especially my family! happiness timetostuffmyface :)
Some music is just made for one thang, and one thang only. LOUD!
i gave myself three headaches today
i am so ready for bballllll!
When AmandaFrahoodle won't text me back. dididosomething? panic. iknowididntbutimparanoid.
Time for the FA Cup draw!
Lost weight.....therefore I have lost the little bit of booty I did have :(
apparently its national don't text katlyn back when its IMPORTANT day or something.. -__-
newtgingrich Picking rocks out of a field! In Minnesota!
Sometimes i wonder why i even have a fon...its pointless to have a fon when i don't receive no calls or text.
Can not wait to see what God has in store for wednesday night
At some point the colts need to play for
can't wait till new years.
If I'm so wrong, how can you listen all niight long ?
AngelaFaithMira I wish you had a ride out here!
To all of you who get to spend today with your families: I am truely envious
~Buen Sbado P/TodS!* Confieso: No puedo bajar d la cama! Mucho Sueño!
My laptop Comin today or Tmmar and I gt order my headphones! My other Stuff came in already!
cnt believe i changd da game 2 watch akaworldwide play a dance wow the way i gt sweard at tho tjo
Outlets here I come!!  
de foto van NBPiller eh
Can it be friday already? anxious gamedayyy (:
How can some people live with themselves?
was finna complain about bein sick with this cold til I realized tht there are ppl with illnesses tht freakin nyquil can't cure
My big sissthherr Vanessa is taking me & Tiffy out on a date to go watch twilight this weekend!! Woup woup!  FUCK YAAHHH!! >:o
Swear to shake it up, if you swear to listen..oh we're still so young and desperate for attention
NoieCometLove Nop she have her beatiful tattoo!!
kbrigandi I still can't retweet your tweets
Smh....done had my car bout 4 years now & jus finding that dang AUX port no more buy n cds for me
Doing new things scares the shit out of me
Super ornery with how slow this stupid laptop is being
17.15 for 1500 ..
Got to chill with most of the crew last night(:
Okay so I've read that on tour during WMYB they will serenade 1 girl during the slow bit, bring on friday please !
today was a real Christmas kind of day, hung out/ate in a real house fully decorated for Christmas: a real tree and Christmas music
I hope Mpoland51009 and B__Walston are ready to have a little Thursday Rage sesh cuz SMooTh_RandY16 is bringin some Moet and Crown!
Damn, even though I'm not living with my parents i still feel like I do because of my big bro.
At UCU intro now, that guy presenting the intro seriously can't speak english!
Can't wait until Thanksgiving break(:
law and order: svu.
hey hollymchadwell can't wait til midnight or can't wait til midnight? hahahah your so excited ;)
Slept for like 12 hours last night. Feeling much better than yesterday.
jamming to Blink <3
Thank you to all the  veterans for their sacrifice and service to our safety and security.
I am grateful that my brother is a chef
That makes two 3AM DCOMs this week.
Dad in today's papers. :)
Swing sing is today!!! I feel like crap but guess what this girl is still going to perform!
I want to sleep for a million years. That would be
Dev_Renae I'm sorry babe , I love you.
Curatorial planning then spa treats with veehooly
I just tweeted about an extra iPad case I have. I felt like I should tag a bunch of people and then report myself as spam.
My grandpa just said my grandma isn't use to blowing
Everybody is talking about his dreads, I just want a rumour about the new album
I jus want me n da people around me to be successful. aslong as im eatin yall will eat to.
Sightglass should be filed under 'rainy day cafe music.'
People is it true that The One That Got Away is 1? I'm seeing peacocks... =(
If you want to be truly happy, GIVE of yourself, your time, energy & with generosity, U can ADOPT or SPONSOR a dog.
-back  home in my sweats and a tee..
I hate waiting on people esp when they are late.
SPatateSautee EliseFollet Rah, on peut rien de cacher ! Je pleurs toutes les larmes de mon corps
... . .. Day Off Tomorrow, Woooo!!! Happy!!
Breaking Dawn premiere with BeccaBrannon1 & CarolineVining
final grade in nutrition = 89.75%
I just dropped my iPhone in the Apple store.
Morgen dagje school tot half 2 dan WEEKEND en in de avond met mn liefi's bowlen :)  
Don't wanna be bothered at the moment
Schatje hier en lekker in bed liggen..
kerri_leigh12 ummmm this doesn't look like the text u sent me? disappointed haha
Shower n working on presentation for tomorrow...
A guy thats tatted>>>>>>
can't wait for the basketball game excited!
hate wen my phone be actin up and only showing numbers in my text messages and i gotta go thru past texts to see who it is..
Lorrenhewson you'll be dressin up on your bloody own i tell you! I have enough dresses to share so you WILL wear one!! :-D
So many cops in newark every weeekend annoying !
Head hurts head hurts head hurts:( whyyyy won't it stop??
oomf I'm ready to get on this road and head home !!!
I think God just gave me more than a boost... But now its up to me to see how far ima go with it.
Thank you to all the Veterans & Active duty personnel! Thanks for all your sacrifices so the rest of us can live in freedom.
Cordeliajw679 Thanks of course, but He has long been following me!
oomf tweets the same things all the time to seem sweet.
kmrodgers25 Are you a subber? I bought October & then subbed for the November one. It arrived yesterday -
why do I play sports? I always get
finally seeing the descendants with capteevasmithur!!!!!!!
Didn't know we play musical chairs at the dinner table
the pryz tuna tastes SEVERELY different when it hasn't been heated up in the paninni maker.
Breakfast with Santa at NRYC with the family!!
To the people ringing bells in front of stores, I know your doing good & all but after 4 hours...it gets kinda annoying.
saw the fittest guy. not bad looking either. lives in my building. straight, certainly not interested (and why should he be?)
So I read your email again tonight ...
little sister is walking now <3
Scratch that it's a rerun.
yesh! after a long period of time.. naka pag net din.. hahahah..
Food was excellent...fighting sleep...
VinCastronovo 85,799 followers! your getting closer to 100,000
Damn just got some new wheels from my nigga mao_olliver
Lol taygo lms if u miss a nicca n only have  one like
ManoChedda. Your girlfriend is mad retarded!!!  Tell me why she's mumbling ur name while she's laying down
Can not wait to get my tonsils out after Christmas! Omg they hurt!
_December19 :Yu already Kno Sis! But let me kno wen, wher && Wat time !&& Yu got 4 moree dayss Sis  Excited !
I wish my friends would wake up and talk to me. ashtontaylor14 haleycarolyn DanielleAntonie kpick15
Just got my 500 page view today very proud moment site has only been up since 11-17 so thanks to everyone who has visited my site
you know you sick when you spell incorrectly in a tweet
Get these preteens out the weight room
What is it with Netflix and soft core porn? And crappy homemade looking movies?
Is this guy voiced by John Goodman?
can't wait till my birthday!!
Watching CNN heroes awards. I respect those who help this world for no recognition.  Don't ask why people help so much. Ask why not?
When people get jealous
Live on Your Own Terms and Love as Much as You Can! ~ Lori Moreno
If you're going to go to church and laugh and mess around the whole time, you shouldnt even go!
I can't wait for Grey's Anatomy tonight super
Why do people eat like that I mean for real! It's disgusting to chew with your mouth open, and smack!
LuckyJimJD those ads are awesome - beyond satire.
Ohhhh no , I think my friend is falling in love .
kjr12 thebandperry justinbieber ooohh I must listen to this song!!!!
my flat scree is finally on the wall where it should have been from day 1..........................
justinbieber you really do makeachange proud <33
I wonder if I should be insulted that I'm not in the Other-Fascinating-Peeps list, SpartaJen ?
Long ass text coming my way.... Been waiting for this moment awhile now.  anxious MisssCElliott
She Hourny nd she
Cant even hear my pandora cause the team decided to sing show tunes on the bus as loud as possible
How do people find lil Wayne attractive?
I love seeing friends that I haven't seen in five years.
finished it, now hopefully its appreciated
alexandriarice_ I remember that time you spent 20 minutes on one eye... And we all were forced to stare...
devin_duh that or I'm simple minded, I'd rather go with your funny!
I swear I'm about to write the longest book ever.
Hate it when people question me.
State champs 2011 <3
Its imposible Not to love SimonCowell
Literally have been waiting for it girl to come on in the car and the moment is finally here...
My mother is sick sad ):
Wishing my baby was feeling better
This is the most ive ever seen bristoe tweet
I can't just say anything because people starts spamming mentioning me ¬¬ annoying.
1 hour left at work before Xbox Friday commences.
Nutcracker with my mother. Oh the joys of being home.
RedHeadFashion Yeah - that bothered me. I hate that whole attitude. Gay actors have to play straight most of the time though
you know that thing when you read a source that ascribes to a theory a previous source just ripped to shreds?
I looove Amor_Couture05 She is my Rock! There thru it all..rise thru da fall
Youknowyouasian same here missy!! Wet and miserable!!
That awkward moment when you bust your ass walking to class! That's just proof that playas Fuck up Haha
if the answers to this take home test didn't have to be 2 pages long for each question, i'd be done by now.
Pray for me as I speak to the adventist NAD Education Curriculum Committee today
good god, why cant I just calm down? Numb me out, something. anything.
woke up at 5 this morninq
so far everything wizardcud has released off his new album has been dope
Went to see the physio today, and I won't be fit till getting on near the end of january! It'll only have been 6 months out by then !
lauren_leclerc Have yourself a quirky, little Christmas!
No ugly christmas sweaters to be found in b-town
..how is this so easy for you
Cause we got that love / hate relationship <3 But mostly love :)
boomama I dang near laughed myself into hysterics over Pollo Frito...incidently I belive it was my first spanish lesson.
Less than a week until I can go home
maaaaddy212 woah luckyy!! turns out i cant go to reeceys concert anymore :-(
ThingsWeAllHate when someone asks you a totally random and absurd question && won't tell you why they asked :(
wish I knew what happened..
Going to bed with a smilee happy :)
britishturbo that worked, but nothing filling my timeline.
Oh my god. Omg.
All I want is to know what it feels like without hurting.. Is that really too much to ask from anyone!?
noel and liam gallacher are two of the best people in the world, there music makes me happy wish they'd get back together
i wish i could at least talk to you :/
laylaseward I'll be up on the 17th!
I just took a picture with santa claus. I JUST TOOK A PICTURE WITH MY BEST FRIEND.
williams1993 not to bad just so tired! I've just found this radio station that just plays Christmas songs so am listening to that
TMessDontMess true that, I don't think its possible for someone to bitch and moan more than frank does
Great game tonight boys! A lot of passion and desire shown! Let's build on it and get some more great results!
Nowhere epitomises the phrase 'concrete jungle' more than Milton Keynes. I miss the countryside!
My fcking landline rings so many times during the day.
Hate when ppl tell me what to do like do me a favor shut the Fuck up -_- ugh
Opened the cereal cupboard to find out there's no coco pops left
iphone in 15 minutes!
Mueller_Caro Ugh yeah, I hear you. I felt super full and gross after eating a turkey sub and soup earlier and was way stuffed.
I just fell on the bus.
Just walked to the wrong car and tried to open it 5 times before realizing it wasn't mine.
alliharwood112 i was going through all my pictures on my computer, and there's ones of you and me from awhile ago hahahaha
2 things about twitter I find overly sad. People setting up fake celeb profiles..(pointless) and the friggin spambots!
Road trip today with SethAYoung and ElizaJOgedengbe today is gonna be a great day excited :-)
you have such a good life.. you can stop with the complaining . annoyed.
People who tell you to # doit or don do it. Shut the Fuck up.
Not even a day into the holidays and already doing Maths revision
But it's probz just one of the kids...
My website is gonna have a style blog and a portfolio of my design work and photoshoots that ive styled
CareLitty17 is coming home today!! Can't wait to see her! how awesome
Early morning fart (Y) BLISS!!!
Well, Zach got me an early christmas present, lol.
O.O late? no :D
Really? Wow! No more fried fish dipped in curry sauce--RT Yosh25: Oh wow! Meatball Shop replaced Salt & Battery on Greenwich?!?
Some guys are jst soo damn disrespectful.
Resisting the urge to sing out loud to the christmas songs at work
It's monday again.. Only one more Monday then it will be the Christmas holidays.
Full of energy... My grandma goin crazy cuz he bein wild... both of them together is so
wish dis nigga wud hurry up so i cn gt this shxt ova wit .
Cant wait to see my mommy and cousins:-)  jadahuck shawna_quevedo taylor_huck
tonight: bath, candles, relaxation, blunts, massages, sleep :) bliss.
FML dentist made me feel worse than I went ! The drugged me up numbed me and tore apart my mouth :( Now I can't eat properly till 15th
OhMy_Becky j'ai vu hier ! Trop belles ! Jvai les enregistrées et les utilisées pour mes articles !
1techychik you haven't entered either
im trying to nap. stop texting me.
Heading to the city tonight to see the blue man group and then to PuraVidaChris place for a party!
Writers block but in the dance version.
Tara_Snethen Hell yes!  We need to get TweetsForBrooke Trending!
So I'm stuck here in the school library, waiting for my mother to pick me up..
Do not allow toxicity nor negativity into Your Precious Life. Only Allow Positivity and Love. Your Choice XOX ~ Lori Moreno
Getting on the pitch tonight.
Just wanna lay in my bed &escape the world
So horny niqqa put yo damn dick outt
My BEARS doing work!!!!(: show them lions whose boss!!:p proud(:
k_riv15 so ur trying to tell me im not seeing u this weekend
Gutted that training has been cancelled!
I'm going to break all the printers at work, so the beautiful printer man can come and visit again...
Both my mum and dad are really fast at replying to my texts.
TaraSnipes lots of protractors, pencils, and
Thank you to all my new followers and the old ones as well
Miriam & Cali have the same attention span lol
PEOPLE ARE DRIVING SOOOO STUPID TODAY!!
“Jacobojenkins: So last time my tv broke the director of young life showed up at my house. surprise”
AbloiSSeDeW Hahaha yes I am lol Im happy that you had fun with my lil letter! :D hehe I just missed u so freaking much!!!! How r u??
Proud to be a granddaughter and niece of a veteran!!
Something in the way she moves..,
Guilty_Az_Hell I knew yo dick was little BOL how it feel to have a lil dick?
okay phone you can connect to my computer any day now annoyed wantmusiconmyphone!!
got a friend request on facebook from my ex this morning.
everyone can read your tweets.
I was supposed to had called my.job can't go in cause my cousin wanna pull disappearing acts -_-
yellowurbanite speaking of that i forgot to take my pills
Pee all over the bathroom
I thought the collective will of viewers had made Louis' mic break for a second there
I guess I'll listen to some Joe Budden and Kid Cudi and hang myself in the morning lol
I hate getting my phone taken away. dying WHAT IF THEY READ MY TEXTS?!
I'm so blessed
I got my followers back yall .......Happy   :))))
BASKETBALL IS BACK!!!!!!!!!! THANK THE LORD!
Thank you everyone in NY! You are so nice with us
you never know life until you have watched someone die..
Awwww I wanted to see rihanna perform in the AMA! :( booooo :(
Get to see my Momma today!
Found my neck and chest warmer thingy in the cupboard. Monday is nice and toasty as a result.
The person that wants me idont want , & the person that iwant doesnt want me
Must be Thursday night again. Timeline clogged with talk of shirts and Portaloo's.Switching to Google+ for a couple of hours.
Oh this beautiful thing called
Meggg_Collins pitiful that I know this disgusting quote if from KellyDechert and not MacMcKnight1
The truth came out today
I actually like my new bangs! Glad! :D
_CookieMonsteer lmfl forreal ! Taking your ass to the bathroom every morning with some Vaseline in your hand ! ANNOYING !
First time in 3 years I get to spend thanksgiving wit my fam
I'll never let you down even if i could.
There's nothing more annoying than being man marked the whole game
Thanksgiving miracle: pants that both fit and have a lot of give.
When your sock falls down in your boot..
the other day , i was texting Justalil_DABB and pointed to the left and rode that wave and we were soooo weak lmfaooooooooo
Why am I still sick -__-
Teen mom 2 comes on tomorrow
OMG Theres a new Chipmunks movie out this holiday!!
don't tell me you'll be here in 5 minutes then pull in my driveway 45 minutes later
Wow I Updated My Twitter App And Waisted A Good Five Mins Of My Life Stareing at My Phone Too Load .. FOR NOTHING >.< ..
Going to be one sweaty night in town wed
Hate it when I cannot sleep!!
Just a week a 2 days til I get to be on that plane goin to Jersey excited.!
People need to learn to respect people a little bit more
coop55_ your face reminds me of a squirel who ate too many nuts and you still smell like a pvi trashcan after senior free
It really pisses me off when pita pit or qdoba tears my pita/burrito!
...buscando Masters en London Marketing :) happy :)
justinbieber i want to see your concerttt!!!!! come to halifax :) please please please!
WTFWasYouThinking when you hooked up with that thing disgusting !!
We just found out that bengleib from Chelsea Lately will be our guest on  Awkward Silence 2.1 this week on the VegasVideoNtwrk.
taypow I seriously felt like an idiot because he called me when I was sleeping. I sounded disgusting.
just had a brain wave no mohawk for me will do my famous blunt fringe again... and dye it extra red...
Bushmain already .. u know We All We Got !
In bed, 3DAYS till semi wohoo
Just tried to buy my wife an iphone, but they wouldn't take cash.. Isn't that illegal?
bailshammy don't call your mom a slore.
“noelani_kid:   single   taken   dropping out of society to live in the wilderness as a unicorn ;)” except I wanna be a dragon
and here the media goes.... hailing tebow like he's jesus. i hail our defense and special teams for that win
Happy thanksgiving! Im so thankful for my family friends and this life I live.
KimKardashian why must u go sue every1 that doesnt like u or says things abt u? Just deal with it like the rest of the world does!
This has been a VERY VERY LOOONG week !! But filled with so much joy :')
Christmas in 6 days-
Bestfriend Makele's bday coming up!! Then other good friend Charlie's bday coming up
I'm Blessed and
On time for work this morn and everything! :)
Sometimes I lose my appetite, when I see my news feed on Facebook oh nasty ass broads...then a nasty ass nicca gone like the shit
Yes!!! RizzleKicks tickets booked for April
What would they do if I won't here
There are still good people in this world; standing in line for the pink and someone gave us 4 tickets.
Finally done with cleaning!
Today is national kiss day? The only kiss I'll be getting is from my dog spike
My husband is being a total toolbag AND I worked all day and there's nothing in the house for dinner AND I have to watch football?
movies are so un-realistic, I mean a perfect boy
A sandwich and then headed off to v-ball!
I completely agree with that call...but Orakpo has that happen to him at least once a series with no call.
Just realized it's Saturday so glad there's no school tomorrow
this geometry exam review i have to do for homework and i am already exempt from taking it
And another LSS w/ MrKnowItAll oh love kelly_clarkson
Realizing that China_Banks and I are the same person and that this theory continues to solidify itself as the days pass by>>>>>>>>
Yesterday was definitely one of the best days I've ever had
While the rest of the nation is at the conference, I am enjoying the view of the ocean as I await my chkn caesar salad n cajun pasta
happy thanksgiving!! So blessed to have the most amazing friends and family Ever, couldn't ask for more!
Khleo_T is dropping SlickLiving ASAP soon!? Wait..what when where!? Ahh Khelo's being such a tease.
Fall not if u cant get up...
Nothing beats laying in bed after a long day watching your favorite movie
Michael_Trevino Please you can write to me, I will be happy!
NP : Say its so Mateo ft Alicia Keys Depressed -___-
New music on the way
I bounce back fast haha
ZiggyTheZach017 hope you like everything tho  
Trying to figure out what to get oomf for christmas
immaSCOREonyou how am I going to survive without you next semester
why are we up right now annoying stephhdimuzio
I get too excited when I see I have a new follower. I then get let-down when they are spam.
Praying for Bobs Buddies with theShowgram. you never know how thankful you really are till you hear others stories...
Planning a lil thanksgiving dinner party with high school friends!
Sometimes tough times can really change a person for the better.
I see them all
The most person I'm thankful for is GOD..with out him there is no me..no nothing.
good morning! thankn da lord for waking meh n my loved ones up <3
That moment when a spelling error sets you an hour-and-a-half behind.
I feel like I don't even know you anymore. What happened?
Happy thanksgiving to everyone!
Who ever unfollowed me can go suck a dick -_- stupid slutttt !!!! >:o hurt lol
Yay don't have to fall asleep by myself tonight! Love having my boyfriend home :)
Just pumped $5 of gas right onto the ground...
confirmed =) this is the start of something so pure.
i hate cats sooo much.
Elvas always working intensely on art and I just sit here with no one to talk to :(
I hope today goes good lol
gotta say i love giving more than receiving...christmas come faster please:)
with Shelby_Sexton13 and DohyungBBkim listening to my mom talk about stupid shit...
Get to piss in my own bathroom!
Too excited to see twitterlessmitali & Sawmill20 today :'D
Me and Rick geekin off this Shit lmmfao Wholetime We spose to be in the Library
Why must I feel this way
Winter formal tomorrow!! Cant wait
I honestly don't see why that shit matters.. annoyed.
I just had that awkward moment where I'm walking through the store in shoes that made loud farting sounds with every step.
MissGirlInBlue feel like want to retweet all of these encouraging words
STFU with all these questions.
ndlll your tweet down there about MW3 and Mac Miller... you had headphones playing Mac Miller... no one else could hear it...
On our way to the Beach Ball Classic!
supjanie it sucks! come see me! I need some company :/
Smh...Ireally dnt like when ppl be shoutn in church jus to get attention...Its so loud in here my head is killing me!
First home game tomorrow
Mum is making me look at hair styles for the wedding joy -.-
he cant afford it becuz he need to fix his car
lizasidun I picked up my cousin from wolf hill and there were 90 out today for the stomach bug
dcoyy better be ready to get tickets as soon as AUDIO go on tour :D
iamstevekomo whotwatted dean_dontchakno salterut08 all of your musks
READY TO SEE MY GIRL TekaMcNeal  AND ALL MY FAMILY. MAYBE SEE SOMEONE I BEEN ADMIRING*FINGERS CROSSED*. FEELING SO GOOD TOO
Finally get to see kchump tomorrow with Sydney_Claire Ansley_S MJ_LARSEN!
i feel like ive been missing out on alot lately. its been forever since ive seen my friends sad :'(
OK if another 1 of my roommates friends ask 2 get n my fridge am gonna fye they ass real tlk
Thomas_Liano on est dans un monde ou 70% des gens sont pauvres, gouvernés par les marchés, et on va se retaper Sarko en 2012...
Good loud music will not fix it, but it does help calm me so I can deal with it.
SydTwoo like you. Not following me.
I hate those moments when you want to sleep but you can't, and when you want to stay awake you can hardly keep your eyes open!!
justinbieber UNDERTHEMISTLETOE . . . Best Christmas album :) Proud 1
Early morning steamy hot showers.
long car ride with my little cousins
Love it when my mother goes back on her word.
compulsive checking of FB/Twitter/email is officially a nervous system function now. Like blinking.
I had almost forgotten what it was like to be alone all day...
Irritated my phone is changing words after I press send n tweet
Why has no one ever told me that I'm the biggest bitch in the world?
Feeling great today. Don't know why but I'm not complaining!
my dad got Mcdonalds for lunch.. But I didn't even want any.
tower heist and L3ggoMYmeggo perhaps applebees?
I've come to the conclusion.... I have no friends
I'd be mad if I was sitting behind one of those huge faces at the Louisville game
Don't tell me, how I feel, only i know. I'm living my life without you, now, take the memories and get out
The GPS sucks... it always takes me on these long and unnecessary routes...
I couldn't ask for a better guy in my life :)
Colombian food from the bakeries down north when I get home?
When girls see something small and make it a big deal annoying <<<<
kayliwaugh Awww LOL! I do not remember what I was saying!
jessica_grace93 you're eating a super healthy lunch...
Oh, and my mother in law is arriving to stay. Actually, that's a big bonus, as she's a star.
It's funny how you can loose friends over the stupidest shit
gonna get final Christmas gifts and maybe a little something for myself tomorrow after work and wrap them, I
Attempting electrics, if I don't tweet in 20 mins, someone ring! Or come and check on me!
Yayyy! Fudge brownies on Monday though!!
justinbieber I <3  U BIEBER!!!!! 15millionsbelibers proud ;)
Christmas in 20 days(:
dSteszewski whereeee are you guys
Ohhh cant wait for the new Harold and Kumar
love being the only one up
okay audition at 3:45 today nervous!
I love Yarmouth but it is so pathetic and the people never change
That awkward moment when everytime you see your roommate she is wearing your clothes
What the fuck really....
My soul glorifies the Lord and my spirit rejoices in God my Savior.
TeresaGarciaM Can't believe what you're saying !! Thought you hated'em !
It's just one of those days
What's up with that stupid emo, skinny jean wearing, teen iPhone commercial?
To try to be a friend of someone that you continue being in love.
When shit goes in one ear and out the other
BIG THANK U to JONBOOGIEE for coming and REPRESENTING HIP-HOP in it's TRUEST FORM last night. I APPRECIATE U MAN! Ur INCREDIBLE!
Alone at LSUS.
I miss my puppy :'(
Off to netball training...but as a spectator
Proud to be @ the Build Em n Bust Em bridge comp w/ my 11 year old. He built his bridge on his own so many parents here doing it 4 kids
AudreeJo it's about 3am for us I guess something for me to wake up too
Just 11 days more for DON2 <3 excited iamsrk
Waking up to my sister slamming open my door and screaming christmas songs.....
No more stressing about school :') passed all my classes with 80& above  so I should be getting ma credits! HYFR proud :')
i hate when people ask me questions they already knoe the answer to
JayDawnn Hahahaha she seriously does cause one freaking time I get caught doing something wrong she never believes me anymore
One of the best parts of thanksgiving= Macy's thanksgiving parade!!!
I think Imma stay hyped till next year.. Yes I AM aware they aren't coming till next year..
i swear we argue SO much by one word can make us forget everything that was ever said
Abc's 25 days of Christmas movies
Jinx0101 I just love you to pieces!
sarahfbradley are you two dating?!
nw The Wedding Planner
What the hell is all the noise on the hill behind me hill?
Sometimes days are just Good. Nothing exciting, no big news or great triumphs, just good.
Beautiful day in Bing! So ready to stuff my face at our Bearcat Thanksgiving Dinner!! :D excited #
PanAm. Triple venti latte. Last of the pumpkin pie. And good friend, RuthAnneAdams  around.
now watching beauty and the beast :)
Only Slept For 3 and Half Hours And I'm Actually Not Late For My 8:30am ClaSs
Okayy teacher its not like I've been raising my hand for the last ten minutes or anything..
everyone is pissing me off
--I hate how Tyra Banks is so theatrical on ANTM
I been sleep since 6pm....Disgusting!
Seriously just had one of the best workouts today. Feeling really good now.
never think a guy is different because they are the same in every single way
2 weeks until I get pumpkin pie!!!
JamesMaggiore jono_simpson traded in his Vegas tickets to go see her instead.
Telling tmat1992 my problems. So glad I have someone as great as him to vent to.
Listening to love songs SAD :(
Back to homework and class today :/
Its just something about it and there is nothing like it
Am i really losing this fight with a play pen....how damn hard can this be
Oh shit i forgot my show x factor comes on tonight!!
Is All Smiles!!! I hope everyone has a great night!!! Good night all!!
Making my youtube debut on j1mmyb0bba 's channel tomorrow morning!! :)) nervous!!!!!
Wtf. My grandma and sister have to sleep with me.
I could kill lauraespositox0 for going on her twitter on her phone cause now I get all her notifications to my phone
Last pregame talk I'm ever gettin in this locker room.
tinncan now you text , bbm ,skype , facebook , maybe call cell , and if that doesnt work and your close enough you call there house lol
I hate when ppl get bad at youu for NOO REASON...! annoyed..
-Sneaks into Skyview Temple- Skulltulas?! -stab- Winning! Wait.. Ghirahim!
Grandma Pellegrino always brightens my day
its 1.40 am and im still awake. My sleep scedule runs on a 2am- 10am schedule
The moment your ex doesn't give up
nobody sayed they was thankful for me expect my family
I really wanna go play some ball right now....
My hair has grown soooooooo much
To mad I don't have my phone rite now...
I need a family reunion asap!! music. laughter. cards. good  food. and love.
They dont know about diss Love!
There goes our shot at the wild card. sad.
It would be cool if I could see my friends... </3
Can't wait to go shopping over christmas break!!!
3Teensmom Now that they've done this to Sami, there's no telling whether they'll actually have Rafe go after her sister
Stil wondering y Ken_Akintayo has refused †̥  talk †̥  moi
Why the hell is the One Thing video unavailable for mobile!? annoyed.
You drag me from black and white world into your colorful world ^^
Yay, back to the old days. Happy.
Lmfao! I just remembered the funniest thing from last night
This girl in front of me needs to stfu
Makin sure that he is happy, is what makes me happy.... But he's single....
God has blessed me with a good job, a car, money, and endless love !
that moment of complete happiness :)))
Mckinlaye and leslieneedstwitter and I are going to Happy Feet 2!
I want it to be tomorrow already.
Im waiting on my interview to start n I'm totally nervous please don't make this be no group interview.
followed by going out to dinner with the family and some of mums friends and their kids, then watching 'new years eve'
There are Wonderful People and Bitches! I don't hate the bitches! I just dislike them! I love the Wonderful People!
Idc if you're my friend, mother, neighbor, but if you chuck rocks at my car, expect something to happen.
LauraEliza11 I knew something was wrong I said to mother av never seen the tide so high, what was the reason for high seas?
Trying to get my bro ShowMeTheHoeFax 800 Followers Tonight show him
tweet me up! <3 happy inspired :)
I'm gonna tan my buns today. :) I finally found the time!
sarahkarney I guess that means I won't be seeing you in Comm Law?
just as i suspected
I know some niggas that can't read
Remembrance Day allows us to focus on what we have and not focus on what we want.
I'm about to go kill whoevers damn car alarm just went off.
I love when jeff_cleek snuggles with me((:
Sleepover with djbanginburke tomorrow nice
Just got back and already wanna go back to wichita.
Dressing gown and bed socks on infront of the heater watching SATC before bed,
Hate Monday's, so boring
Making my first ever meatloaf!
Good assessment and now Christmas music playing in Walmart
Living in the moment, which is truly as long as you make it, is all you can really do. Love and live and cherish life
Mr_C_Wells damn Brotha! Way to hit me up disappointed  :-/
Last day of school tomorrow&secret santaa! yay !
Can't wait to get my finger tattoo and dark nails this weekend!!!
Road trip to Murfreesboro to see my Nana.
class advisors have to stop talking down pep rally posters with initials
I think im dieing on the inside......
Going to Disney World tonight !
happy birthday JohnLennon 31 years since you've been gone. i still love your music.
People need to fucking watch their kids...just got spit on by a kid spitting over the railing at the mall
Can't wait till Wednesday! The day my life will change!!
Trying to find ppl on twitter to follow that aren't ten y/o >.>
i feel like i'm the only one trying
Can't stop won't stop!
I hate being the fifth wheel...
30 rock just isn't the same with out the todayshow interns ChinhDoan
For those of you who are asking, I am applying again to Mtop. Can't think of a better way to spend my summer other than in service
And again I twisted my ankle -.- fuck no practice till next week, can my life get any worse?!?
Found out how to redownload old purchases from itunes, oh steve jobs you're impressing me from your next reincarnation.
BLACK FRIDAY BITCHES!!! Much needed time with my ladies love <3
Misfit_D brought rellrizzy to the festivities!!!!!!!! Love!!!!
msleamichele chriscolfer CoryMonteith DarrenCriss at Blaine's house??? Say what?!!
If we r around eachother its pointless to argue bcuz it wont last a whole 10 mins bcuz im goofy nd he starts laughin
Christmas dinner @ wrk that's
whatmoneycantbuy is a DREAMPIE Thats all
Had a terrible dream about being out of the US and can I say that I am so glad that I live in America.
190 one last time.
_lucccy ohhhh, don't people realise there is peados in this twitter world-.- annoying xx
I get to sit in rain, in a tree, and kill a deer!
Ugggghhhhhh I hate playing phone tag. Its my least favorite thing 2 do.
midnight shopping with the boyfriend! (:
11 months gmulaSSG today...  
Pure intense bit in a programme and boom! advert comes on
Come on week... You go to slow
Didn't get to see Cede this weekend:/ depressing!
Mr. Greggy's Hanukah special at the mall if only PolarBear0531 was here :(
Legit some people are just confusing
My BEAUTY got ur attention, but my HEART AMAZED U.......!!!!!
Pixie lott on Never mind the buzzcocks.
UP AND READY TO START OFF THiS DAY THAT THE LORD HAD MADE!!!!
Everybody has their 2-3 friends you're super tight with but that's how I am with all my bros
I really like the fact that most of RihannaNavy has their DP as Rihanna, when she was shooting YouDaOne Video. proud!
i think someones a klepto in our group of friends.....
For some reason I'm so in the Christmas spirit.
I thought I seen bby_shortcakee at my job I was like HEYY CASIE lmfao embarrassing!
Why are people so confusing?
channeling the inner NattyMac2 by listening to Christmas music, making odd noises, and delaying schoolwork.
«Ayye_Chill_Yo I'm goin to my room, irritated..»
DarcyyPoo emileigh_kay11 I'm just speechless on that one!
Welp back to akron soon
I hate when someone text me but when I text back they don't text back
I'm telling you now, my cat loves me. Crys at my door and all sorts. Even holds my hand
music is amazing right now.
Kickin back with some late dinner, vanilla latte and OTH!!
11allie11 had fun tonight but then you went home smh...
This week NEEDS to be over. Why is it only Wednesday?
Maybe if my mom wasn't so obsessed with her boyfriend shed actually care to talk to her kids every once in a while
I'm in the 12th grade and still 16
But on another note. This Thanksgiving break has been perfect  
Umm I can't believe its actually the break
bout to call the movies about my application....
She WHAT , ? I know you didnt say cute . . .
whatever you do Ellen do not listen to aliciakeys distance&time....oh wait its too late
gazlovell23 man u fan obsessed with Liverpool
Cam Newton does his best every game & the defense of kicking team can&39;t come threw with wins for him...smh
Ahh I got like 7 new followers in one day! :DD Happy :D
Why does this always happen to me
Someone text me. Phone ain't rang once today
Really excited about working with the new leadership of QUDelts SigEpQU_CTE QUPiKapp QUTKE and soon to be elected QuinnipiacIFC
Ok I called to pay my bill and hang up not to have them keep calling me back to do surveys!!!
First among many road trips with brittanyrenee21 coming up soon!
Dear internet connection at work why are you so effing SLOW? I just want to watch Chelseasettles season finale.
I've been let down But never been tainted So I stay thirsty for more
Go to choc jawe priscieby Now going back to sleep... *Hugging my pillow and savouring the moment*
My mom is always in her pjs when she drops me off.
It's okay to be immature SOMETIMES. Don't over due it.
Gahhh certain people need to get homeeee, wahh
Yes Scooter Braun is a good man. I would love to work with him!
Thankful for everyone in my life, and everything I have. Couldn't ask for better friends and family.Last thanksgiving before we're gone
Hot girls on twitter but ur scared to write them cause you don't wanna be a weirdo haha
1 week till Christmas and 2 weeks till New Years!
is amazed at how ungrateful some people truly are
SamiBrookesXfac omg omg wow excited  xxx
Snow tomorrow? Da hell?
How come nobody ever Tweets me???
We should've left already!!!! Why are we still here?!?!?!?!
Just getting out of church... thx to everybody for the love and support y'all showing. Keep the votes coming! Love!!!
Got home on Thursday and got my breaking dawn. I was finished with it last night.
watching the mask with my mother!
This is gonna be my first year that I'm gonna spend Xmas without my family.I need to do this for me.
uehfnaocij;aweoihv;lkueig;lasiejf It needs to be Tuesday already
I aint been outta high school a whole year and im already seein niggas waste their potiential
I had no time to code today. Sad.
Im two comments away from punching this girl in the face
EPL is back! Feels like Eid day again. Quality Test Match cricket on too!
Is there a new app update for pinterest?!?
MrExFlosive yaaa spending christmas with the cowboys
Today is the day where all the Mosquitos/insects comes near me. Cox I keep feeling little things on my leg!!
BrandonDaGemini idk wht she doing lol...
It hurts people's feelings when they give away something you gave them with love.
I love watching Christmas movies on tv but hate when they do commercial breaks because there always the same ones
Biting my tounge
Mann Wdh iGot A Cut On My Tongue , It Hurt Irritated .
My sister them landed safe
Imagine me staring at my wife's dimples as she's smiling 40yrs after..
itsKirenbitch haha i watched him in Juno and thought he was a great actor but he's actually that awkward
i have too many piercing ideas in mind
ArianaGrande ArianasFollowFriday WISH AN AMAZING & TALENTED PERSON LIKE YOU WOULD FOLLOW ME
_Mebee how was your GPA this semester? Mine was wack
nothing else in the world matters as long as im in ur arms
UNC Duke game with the fam.
cuticabra my bro does everything left handed except write, teachers made him write, right handed. Back then lefty was considered wrong
I did my part now lets see if i mean anything to you
BrynneCulver Its official, my hands STILL smell like latex lolol
Streaming iTunes radio to long is causing my Mac to heat up and the fan emits a shrill squeeking sound
Today I actually felt like I meant something for once. That I'm truly special. That I'm here for a reason. personal joy :)
actually did almost all of my homework today...
Cheese eggs...pork sausage...nd coffee
(1/2) The awkwardmoment when your friend's admiring another friend of yours, and gets confused at why this friend doesn't notice her
Ewww I just seen the nastiest picture on Facebook
the worst part about getting my hair done...sitting under the dryer
Waiting for dasia to call me. Hopefully going to the celebration tomorrow.
Lee Min ho is back soon on abs cbn...
AngeleaPreston what tha he'll happenen?! I was all set to see u win & like magic *poof* you disappeared!!! WTF Ang!!
Go to Australia on the summer
Don't you hate it when you get a Christmas Card with no return address & you can't read the name? I've no idea who sent it!
it would be really great if this movie would work on my computer
I am thankful for the amazing opportunities God has blessed me with and continues to bless me with each and every day
Ya en 4 dias tengo bb nuevo :D.
Ready for tomorrow :)
I be getting high just to ballance out the lows
zdamico agreed. I have to skip past it everytime I want to play something else.
Eff breaking down. I miss you daddy, more than words could describe. <\3
Took me an hour looking for my uniform to find out mommy had wash it already
rihanna , been listen to take care best song you have done listened to it 10 times in a rowlove!
Forgive and forget isnt that easy
my mother is being picky at the grocery
omg this is not dream my besty shadrachchintu calls me n wakes me up to go eat butter masala dosa together. happiness.
stop revving your shitty car
Jules_hornby haha then again maybe not
927th Tweet Goes To My Ahhmazing Boyfriend Alex Jackson Myers(:
Parents that boss you around and treat you like crap!!
LghtSkinDNation lmao mines too! dey like who txtin yu.. dats how yu kno my ish never ring ahah i got the ringer up & everything!
Playlist at Starbucks while waiting for my latte: End of the Road by Boyz II Men, and Beautiful Day by U2.
In southport ::) cant wait for my big cousins little surprise pyjammas party tonight
MrRollingStoned wishing I Was in Dallas with my nigga right now
Dashboard isn't updating for me yet
Had ah good day w/ my bae and fam :)
Why did sabriaadlerr and Bryce_lien have to leave :(
So, I helped cook all this damn food today and I did goodt! (Madea voice) Gonna make my husband happy.
At 1:35 tomorrow, finals will be over.
Nakasakay na ko ng fx!
People literally are coming back to country just to taste my gingerbread cookies. Wow.
he can always make me smile. happiness. :)
My mom just told me I missed Bulldog5455 walking in red heels for the second time!
wynnth damnit...now I'll never know where exactly this glitter on my mouth came from...
Deserved more out of that game, couldn't have asked for much more from the arsenal lads. Now I'm confident of 4th spot after tht
plainsmangent bamagentleman daddyslittlezta touché.. however, every time I leave TTOWN I feel like I need a shower!
Did you know that around the country gang members are setting aside their rivalry to join forces with child sex trafficking?
I just got prank called and I didn't know who it was...
Shout out to jalenrose for giving back to the communtiy by opening up tht school. Tht was great
i just ordered the cutest ugg boots ever! I know no one I know has these. omg theyre too cute!
Buying christmas pressies for the fam! EXCITED!!!!!
Cleaning makes me hate the break :(
Hate when the cube slows the challenges doon
Actually got up -& got myself ready on time today proud <3
Passed a awful car accident on the way home, yet another reminder how lucky we are to be alive
Ben blij dat k weer met mn best josensing  praat hihi
SimonePkmd yesss! Can't wait else <3 and Christmas!!! happy <3
He may not be my boyfriend but one day maybe he will be.
billpotter_HL ButlerMidget we will look back as worst loss of the year
Anxiety please go away im begging you...
REALLY WANT THE NEW ROD STEWART CD!!
just listened to bound to u  TheRealXtina ........ the only person that can give me chills through an entire song
FratLegend yayyyy you made my day.
Ok so I need to look into english bulldog breeders to figure out where I'm getting my new baby from :)
PaytonRaeMusic I loved the email you sent to us Payton!!! <3 I will always support you! proud <3 xoxo
Why is everyone so opinionated??
The brain and the hands aren't communicating properly this evening.
anilkohli54 GirishRSingh When 'success' goes into the head without proper grounding, such Qs come up in ppl like ShivAroor
I need new people to talk to
Half day tomorrow then thanksgiving break.
WHYYYY IS MY NOSE SO DRY
I got this song stuck in my head and I only know a couple lines.
If you maybe actually asked to wear my clothes I would maybe say yess. sisters are
Found my authentic Peruvian hat!
It's the city of love that waits for you but you're too damn scared to fly. Hit the Lights.
“1stUpLuck “QBOBBYSPONGE10 I must say that I play moonlife at least 10-20 times a day!! sad 1stUpLuck””
how the grinch stole christmas
I waant ..a mini cooper for christmas. Arggg love lol
people that tweet cheesy things off google <<<
x1DsOnesies Wow! Were you very close to them? Thanks for all the information and all the photos.... :D :D
Its another day im blessed to see so im giving God all the praise
Pissed!! You shouldn't have to call someone 25 times when they tell you to call so they can meet you and give u your puppy. annoyed!!!
ItsLexiNOTLexy what did you get for your terms crusades & hundreds years war ? !...cause i'm stuck like a mf on those two
Wow Riffe's awesome, he dropped one of my 25 point grades to bring me up to a 70
Appreciate the people following my college games! cudbug21 _MaR_Boogie LaMar_James2 MzBreeUh!
Wish the stores were open already!!!!!
Its one of those nights where I just wanna be alone smokin my problems away
Mirror on the wall here we are again, through my rise and fall you're my only friend. Amazing song LilWayneHQ BrunoMars
my brother and sister snitch on my for every little thing.
I like how I'm stuck.... Again.... -_-. depressed.
I hate when someone doesn't realize you're mad at them and they act like everything's alright
All that! Was just a drill!
Can't sleep.. Still thinkin bout dumb shit! I need to jus move on already.
Studio all day, DJ at night.
ImThankfulfor my wonderful baseball skills :) don't know what i'd do with out it
amazing dinner with my boyfriend. :) happy  tilltomorrow..
All hipicoo! Last day till nationals
Thursday my mom and The rest of my Fam are gonna be in Tears. I wasnt Supposed to Live to See these years! but Now im turning 18.!
Am I thinking too hard?
Cold and misty outside - not unlike a typical Seattle winter's day.
Received two gifts from clients this week. Once came in the form of a gift certificate and the other in an inspirational quote. <3
I want to see out of my right eye again..
x0_Katheriinee haitiancheri I miss my CVC girls!
Only one week left of college classes
Just me and a couple of drinks.
Sephora >>>>>> this new ulta place
had a great time last night, bring on tonight!
Love spending time with the fam and eating good food
I got a shit load of homework to do tomorrow
lilabany just saw this girl in the city and thought it was you but obv it wasn't
Being ina relationship & seeing eachother just once a week.
Everytime I see somebody I use to be crazy about, I be checking myself like why would you ever mess with them? Lol
Moments like these when I am incredibly depressed that I don't have my car...
so much hype for friday and there's not much happening
but I cud do anything - u said tht - n u meant tht!
There's another slug in my porch.
Supathyckness Lol ok hun. Hopefully ill see y'all at cornbread fed if not in Philly b4 then. heard alot of good things to come
This week is about to be 3 days of waiting for the mail to come
I bet you feel like a dumbass now dad
Why can't laundry just do itself?
- KISSING IS The Best Way To EXPRESSING My AFFECTION ! .
Damn i love my family  panixtechnochic s/o
Middle of the night, trying to work on some posts for the week and not getting anywhere.
last final....celebrating with my roommates tonight and returning back to chicagoland very early tomorrow!!
My fantasy football season is over!!!
oomf will put his penis in anything with a vagina
Loving Noel Fielding on my Tv twice in one night. First on Rob Brydon and now on Buzzcocks.
Still up. I'm ready for Christmas break! :)
Found my glasses,on his side of the bed
not in the mood to talk to anyone
sooo my brother just punched me in the face......
This time next week is christmas day
Facebook is full of so many immature people, I can't even stand it right now
Christmas concert Tuesday. My feet are going to hate me after standing for a half hour in heels while singing. Come and join the fun!
i love this girl
Need a new coat but cant find one I like
My job aint so bad after all...lol...my mgr jus funky...i cant wait for her to leave so I can clean n sanitize everything!!
Need somebody to cuddle with......
Never going to sleep. Too energized.
My 4 besties & I is exchanging gifts Wednesday !! Excited:)
I hate when shows do that fake audience laugh
Would u nicely get off my dick please ... It would be greatly appreciated :) thanks
Hope the news is not bad!
I can finally do the pec dance!!!
All these damn commericals though -____-
Get on my fork! inafatbastardvoice embarrassing MegBee94
I love Qdoba! It doesn't get better than a queso chicken burrito!
Damn goin 2 slp by myself 2nite
I found cheap breaky at a trashy diner sitting between two crusty old men
3.7 first quarter of
stephanieherz dibs on not picking
you scare me sometimes...
Sunday night football over everythangg
Got a new and improved haircut/look I hope everyone likes it when they see it tomorrow nothing to drastic just a like shappen
alwayswondered why on the x-factor the voice over man said all the judges last names apart from officialtulisa
Done some things in my life I thought a nigga would never be able to do!!!
Doing my OWN english hw , for the first time !!! :))
JGH :) 11-11-11
Welcome to Indonesia 2pm taeccool
Slim dunkin got killed
I wish some girl would text me and appreciate the sweetness I possess
I want to move on but I know it's gonna be so hard as shit
I want a person who comes into my life by accident, and stays on purpose.
Thought I saw a Nes-Quik but it was coffee creamer
Don't Believe In Love At First Sight, But Believe In Love At First Huh
goddamn my average didn't double in geometry....
Laura4Ts ha ha, all good sweet. At the croydon massive. Not long now.
I feel a lil love on mi TL
How the fuck am I out again?
Govt final tomorrow morning
Some People Never Learn When They Have Already LOST
Sunday's consist of lie ins, big Sunday dinner, homework whilst friends is on then topped off with a cuppa and xfactor
I have no patience and I hate waiting
it's so hard to concentrate on homework right now
I cannot believe that the risk are not still in this competition!!
Quimeicibieber Hello!   How are you? Today is my birthday. :) i have 15 years...i'm young. Can you follow me? Thank you Belieber! Love <3
I hate when I'm in bed and someone comes in and doesn't shut the door when they leave just to make me mad
Love my dress for tonight and loving life that the 8 fitted
Thank u lord tuloy ang mga plano,..hahaha!! Thank u papa chase,..
Up from my nap!!! Time to get ready for church! excited!!
I wanted El Torito and everyone else wanted Chipotle... Now I'm in this ridiculous ass Chipotle line Annoyed :/
Seem like everybody woke up in a fuck the world mood! Cause I know I did! But can't complain, God woke me up for a reason!
ellenjenner haha yeh but only the tip unfortunately I'm was hoping to get to the meaty shaft but I couldn't
Nebraska would give up a game winning lay up.
See you pretty ladies raleene pattylaurel :) I'm here na!
Just want break to get here
this break off has been great!
Did the UNL bill really have to be sent out right before black friday?
Getting into bed & realising you've not brushed your teeth..
Gettin a new snap-back this weekend. :D
Me and my babies bout to eat REAL good today! Yes Lord!
This day has officially been the worst day I've had since my grandma passed away 2 years ago
Going to london in 11 days, seeing my best friend who I haven't seen since june excited eeek!
People posting up tweets to follow others is so annoying! We can make our own decisions! Geeze
Some People Neva Change
So ready for Christmas break..
Takin 45 mins to kiss goodnight... <3
Does this chick really have a pic of her vagina as her avi?!  REALLY??
Justin Biebers hair needs to stay how it is now,looks so sexy..
Holy fuck I'm gettin yelled at
watching M and J playing, makes my day..
English long test in a few minutes
Forget the blindfold. Cover his eyes with the shirt you were wearing. Your natural scent is a huge aphrodisiac
bloody hates money, and loves it at the same time, least im back in the green now
MY DAD JUST USED A COMMA IN A TEXT FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER
In five hours im suppose to be awake , looks like theres no sleeping involved in this situation
Unfortunately, too many people don't deserve the attention they get
Apparently hard work does occasionally pay off  
i miss you more than i ever thought was possible.
My phone has been in my hand all day. Fb, texting, twitter, & talking on the phone.
I'm the only person in this world with out a smart phone
you need to move closer to me. it sucks that you live so far away
Me 'You can't sing mom' mom 'Excuse me? I will fuck you up'
some people make zero sense n fail to see how fucking stupid they are.
Life is finally goin how i want it step by step
Fucking shit fuck I don't want to be at work
LaCropp should of destroyed that in maximum 3 days
I can not wait til it the kids bed time! They are driving me insane
night in on my own....ahhhh Bliss :)
What's so great about having friends if you don't converse with 1% of them lonely lmao
-Puss In Boots -pukul 6 -Alamanda -Family Time -Baba kena heret :P
Things of this world become useless, but the blood of Jesus never depreciates.
the smallest shit make em mad
Thank you SparkNotes for being there for me when i didnt know what i was going to do!!!
Claritood I know you're owning that test!
Sittin in 5th period and just remebering todays friday and getting
Oh my goddddd
WordsINeedToHear The chipmunks are moving.
edwinning3 yall left me out of the bretherens?
Cold and tired, but today's going pretty fast, thankful (:
Two more days of school let's hope they go by fast!
I wanna ride jumps.
My family from Brazil makes me want to kill myself -_________- !!!!
Tired of people and there shit
Cute ending to a good weekend :)
No homework again tonight
Stop doing everything I do! Get your own life!
Good night with Jamie; we barely got any sleep & we had a good therapy session (;
I fucking hate people who bogaurds the fucking conversation. ...like my mom.
TODAY: 2nd OLLG anniversary, 1st Pray anniversary, the premiere of All I Want For Christ... and
Nicki Minaj and David Guetta are going to open up for the AMA's singing Super Bass, Turn Me On, and Sweat. WHAT SONG IS... Legit_OMG
Why do the people I follow always retweet the same damn people?!
“SQJINSU When you show actions without thinking sometimes it can affect you later.. I guess i wanna say i apologize as a young man ..love”
Sorry random number that I just accidently called and was screaming out the lyrics to Rumour Has It..
tobiicheung mm I know. I had some this morning
Biggggg smiles at the fact I get to see u in a week :-D
You know what's on my mind.
Thank you lord for waking me up to see another day
Smh they dnt  even know how transparent they truly are!!   sad.
Sunny_Dee23 that man has really changed
cant find the remote either..
White_way69 our phones hate each other :(
casper_xo is crushing malteasers and eating them with a spoon
shelbyygrant how u not gunna hit me up wen u were right down the street from my house?????
TemptingTay_ another fact that makes you useless. How dare you call him an artist
Nu glee
manteno beach airs tonight, cant wait to see what the fans think! anxious cschaeff20 emolszewski9
Stay here coz i will be sharing v awesome stuff till 2 or u can come back by 2 lol , it will make ur weekend just perfect
One week till finals. Yay!!!
really do hate attention seaking people
exactly 1 month tillll christmas
Willmoorehits34 teekay7nicholle sounds a bit sexual..
on my way to West Covina. nervous :S
There's light at the end of the tunnel
Yuup_iBeKee Awwwwwwl Booboo!! Lol I Looooooooooove you too double Ke!
love fridays not being at scool
Dad has a suprise for me tomorrow. Im so excited! I keep asking him if it's Ben Barnes but he just says you have to wait and see.
everything.isnt perfect right now but im patient things will fall in to place soon
Why the fuck do u even text me, if once i reply u stop texting back-.- Annoying !!
i jst saw sum that hurt me to death but its all cool its always the one who you think real aint dnt tell me you love me frfr
6 A's on finals + a win against perry = only things between me and christmas break.
here in your arms
My bed is missing someone LindseyMPeeler
jengaj82 have to get me drunk b4 u get me on that thing! Haha! excited xx
My Bio professor.... frustration sincerely_alice
Oh yay!! A new follower! Oh never mind... Just another porn star.
I Need Something To Do This Weekend... I Cant Be By Myself Again... Ill Just Listen To Sad Music And Blog =(
Christmas tree lights, Baileys coffee and Elf
My husband has been at a strip club for 10 hrs. I ain't trippin'
I love you in my arms
If one of these texts doesn't send, I'm not resenting it, because I honestly don't care that much.
New York on Monday. Crazy hyper.  Excited   xoxo :*
Celtic Thunder is here in Michigan and I don't get to see them. Do you realize how wrong that is?!
always start falling asleep around this time then when i go to bed im wide awake
im kinda sleepy but i just really woke up..
LeckCHeyz don't lie. We all know you get on French chatrooms so they can translate for you
Man I'm not even hungry but everyone else ordered so I did too! Lol can't just watch people eat
Twitter, I'm back!
I got a seat in the Kingdom...
really wishing HannahGrace321 would be in math class for once..
I tried to unlock my car by key for like 2 minutes. I realized it wasn't my car. The guys who saw thought it was pretty funny.
IbnZaydun I lay there as on embers, burning with passion; now I lie here alone, forsaken h1020 love [4]
Now I need to accept that she got another guy in her life
December 2nd will be a month that i will be clean. Ill be able to pass a drug test (:
danaewells that was a good one haha didnt know why i didnt think of that!!!! and you guys always pick on me
Biggest pet peeve... When my roomie turns off my Keurig and I have to wait for it to heat up.
Seeksie_hates_u you better hurry up... Christmas break is soon :))
No more NBA lockout! Woohooo.. Now A_Sol305 can take me to all the Heat games  
when you snore so loud that it wakes me up, you have a problem. and i have a problem with your problem.
Just spent a good minute lookin for my storm card to go out to smoke before realizing I'm home
DaRri_Dan ohh yeh i heard
gonna go on a 2 mile run & do p90x ab ripper later!
Using a prom dress as a tree skirt .. Only Jim would think of that.
Seriously if I don't get a new high score on temple run… I don't know what I'm gonna do
I just won a contest... And I was listening to camronmitchell's EP while I was writing what I sent to the contest... happy!
This show makes me
How can autocorrect change for into dot?
Anthony_Sica A little insulting that you had to throw in the sexist comment, but I understand that's how some folks just think.
katiehealy1  i wish it was me
Don't Promise when your
omg -_- so 4kaee follows me & now again unfollows. Annoying .
My Nannie is an absolute angel :) she bought me a car charger today.
LeonieMeijer Haha super lief
Het was knuffel donderdag,
Watching ESPN at work
Someone on battlefield 3 told me I suck and that I'm gay.  ):    I got top player.
Congrats to the new members of the accelerator program!
:-)'ing from ear to ear 2 hard
Wow pujols to angels thts a mindfuck
Driving my dad too the hospital :/
That feeling you get when you get food and it's not as good as you imagined
Money can never buy
